The greeting was suuuuper long btw. Not sure what thats about, but it was unnecessary after holding for 10 minutes, as the same information was provided several times throughout the holding process.

I would have liked to know how it was corrected in case I run into the issue again in the future.

the going away of the phone number and only a service desk online...that is strange. Also the 15-20 min hold.

I did want to say the hold time was crazy I think i was on hold 25 minutes and this was at 7:30 am est. It took an hour to resolve my problem

There were several references to use the help hub portal and that the phone number would be going away. I would highly suggest to keep the phone number, because my token was not working I was unable to connect to the hub portal and the only way to contact the help desk was using the phone number due to unable to get on to computer.

Thats another problem.

but it was not fixed. I ended up going to TM and picking up another.

Another issue is HD says we are changing our phone contact yet they dont offer what the updated number is or exactly when the 888 number will be discontinued. I hate to see our customer service to our own employees go down hill

No he recibido el soporte y aún no tengo el acceso solicitado.

IT Support is our only option

Call connecting time should be short

the wait time was 31 mins before I spoke w/Sebastian - Crazy!!! How are we supposed to be there for our clients when it takes so long to get help from the help line. We definitely need to hire more IT reps!! :)

I did experience a long wait time to get to speak with IT support.

The first time I called the tech had an Android phone. When dealing with an employee with an iPhone that was completely useless.  I suggest when trying to deal with the MobileIron issues, you send any iPhone issues to someone who uses an iPhone. Otherwise, that first call was a total and lengthy waste of time.

The chat process is not efficient

When I was able to talk to someone the issue was resolved.

no one else to refer company system issues to

The absolute worst experience is being given a link to a bunch of barely comprehensible instructions written in IT-speak.

Prior to Sean it took several days, multiple phone calls and incorrect solutions.

Why did we not receive any formal notice (not My COnnections) that the Help Desk number changed? Poor customer service there.

the Resloved ticket did not say that. Better information on the Resolved ticket sure would have been nice.

ALTHOUGH THERE SHOULDNT HAVE BEEN ONE TO BEGIN W/ THIS IS A BRAND NEW COMPUTER AND WHOEVER SET IT UP DID NOT DO IT CORRECTLY. THEY LEFT SEVERAL APPS OFF WHICH CREATED MORE WORK FOR EVERYONE ELSE

The only problem I encountered was with the IT teams inability to help me with JIRA tickets. The IT team does not handle JIRA issues so it can be confusing for both of us.

This was my third time over the course of a week to reach out in order to gain the first account access to my account. I was unable to perform self-service options because I was never able to successfully login and set up my security questions. I explained it was sent previously via email but I was unable to open the encrypted rpmsg type of file. They also tried to email it to my manager because this is my first time being set up in the system for a login I wasnt even contracted yet. 

although problem was not resolved

but wait/hold times before a tech answers is long.

A Situação foi detectada, mas o problema persiste.

Twillio team maybe they could have released call earlier so that I caould get back on calls.

I had called about the same issue last week and was told it was going to take a long time, the IT employee seemed annoyed and so I said I would just call back this week. 

I first tried the Chat and that experience was horrible.

There has been an ongoing issue with my new phone being disabled. I have had it for 2-3 months, but no one could get it working.

The one thing that could be improved that is outside the purvue of the helpdesk is that I cannot see the descriptions of the LDAP Groups I am attached to

I will not bring down the Team for one moderate experience.

The phasing to a more chat based platform is fine, but my IT issues are typically the type that require a conversation over the phone. I do not mean this comment as a complaint, it is just my experience that the majority of my issues are not simple fixes so the virtual chat to begin the process is just one more layer to penetrate.

Stop closing tickets before the requestor confirms the issue has been resolved.

Note this was the second call regarding the issue. However, the first person did not fix my issue.

Its time consuming getting a solution and someone to get assigned to level 2.

Offer more solutions or workaround on unresolved issues, or escalate rather than telling us there is nothing else they can do.

Com todo o respeito, por vezes, parece que a língua é um obstáculo. Ultimamente os meus pedidos são sempre intervencionados por espanha que parece, por vezes, que não entende o que pedimos, exigindo explicação do problema 2/3 vezes e atrasos na resolução dos mesmos.

It would be helpful if when you are purchasing a new laptop, there are more instructions on the site so we know exactly what everything means.

However, the UI for the Remedy ticket I had to open was awful. Please consider making a more intuitive UI for the Remedy ticket

 Typically if the call is in the morning or during working hours, the wait is extremely long.

if the IT team has not doing his job role quickly we are facing trouble in every moment

dont like the new interface

Lower hold time.

Be more proactive?

Al trabajar desde casa, no utilizar Avaya y no poder conectarme a la VPN, sólo podía ponerme en contacto a través del teléfono usando el mío personal. Debería existir la posibilidad de contactar a través de Teams, por ejemplo, o una dirección de correo, ya que ambas aplicaciones funcionan sólo con Internet.

more staff to handle calls faster

I just wish there wasnt such a long wait time when I call

It seems the igel device needs too much help and support. How much time (time is money) is spent overall with tech issues? I had a laptop for 2 or 3 years and hardly EVER called help desk. With the igel? Ive lost count on how often ive had to call. When issues happen, we (LM) are paying two people during the same window of time to get errors resolved.

The problem I have with level 2. Ive had several tickets sent to level 2 and never once have gotten contacted? Im not sure of the process, but this seems very flawed? I just kept calling back in and finally I think I have everything resolved with my new computer.

It would be helpful to have a call back que, I was on hold for 40-45 mins .

the issue was the long hold time

The hold time wasnt great though (30 min)
 
Its our only option for tech support.

Its the only game in town

Increase manpower of IT Dept. because IT staff have big workload now Can provide IT support on Saturday, Sunday and after office hour

Im considering the problems of my colleagues too, which were not quick or good to be resolved

However the experience jumping through hoops prior to that is painful.

single point of contact to control entire issue to successful conclusion. The issue is still not fully resolved

More clarity on what they intend to do next to resolve a problem that cant be resolved on one call.

However, having said that, this is the 3rd or 4th time Ive had to call with regard to Zscaler issues and disconnecting,.

Long wait time....

more explanation

The only complaint I can think of is that sometimes you have to wait for a while for a technician, but I realize they are busy! I also hope that the Help Line is not going away 

I attempted to resolve my issue on-line with a service ticket but only received an automated response. 

I was unable to get into citrix was told I was escalated to level 2 and would get a cb. I never recd a cb but was sent an email to advise that it was resolved, except it wasnt because I continued trying to get in every 15 minutes with no luck. Since the notice telling me to try again was sent to my work email (which I have no access to when I cant get into citrix) I had no idea that they were assuming it was fixed. When it is escalated and we are told we will get called at the number provided, a call is necessary.

Well it not solve yet.

but I was locked in the call for 17 hours so I have lost sales.

I added my ticket on Monday and heard back from support on Wednesday late afternoon. In my opinion that is terrible customer service.

problem came back again, can you re-fix my istar?

El tiempo en solucionar la incidencia desde que me dijeron que estaba realizada la petición es mucho.

Any Test System issues are escalated and take a significant amount of time to resolve. Most of the time it is 48 hours or more because only a few individuals manage that system. These have significant training impacts and reduced speed to proficiency since learners cannot practice in the test environment.

Please dont EVER take away that ability. I do not want to use an online platform for help

They recommended I allow them to unlock the account rather than reset the password (which I tried but wasnt working).

Just the wait times are annoying

I do have a comment concerning using chat to communicate - I dont know the solution but I chose chat vs call as my option. I was on a conference call when the response was received and chat closed. For this issue, that was not a real concern because it was a mainframe password reset. In the past, the question had been more complicated and because I did not respond, the chat was closed and I had to begin again. I have decided I should not use chat based on closure.

Nothing, but we have no choice.

no solution provided. just another ticket was raised

no esta resuelta la petición

mas de un mes en solucionarlo

when your phone is un operational 3-5 days is a long time. But lucky for me mine started working on its own.

There was no solution

Jumped to worst case scenario - complete reinstall before trying to fix. Had to reach out to Sr.

I felt as though I was just finding a solution or helping myself.

It appears the Do-It-Yourself structure of Liberty Mutual does more harm than good.

The issue has not stopped, improved or changed.

 When they kicked it up a level, I was not getting a response. It was by chance that I was scheduled to faciliatate a class that had people from technology in it. When I contacted them to tell them I may not be able to conduct the program because I could get into LM, one of them reached out to me to find out the problem. That person was the product owner of Zscaler and put me in direct contact with someone who could help me. They found a work around. The level 2 team did not reach out to me until 5 business days later. I would have been unable to work for 7 days if the product owner of Zscaler had not put me in direct contact with someone. That is just unacceptable.

nothing

I had to wait on hold for 52 minutes.

Issue was not resolved the first time and ticket had to be reopened.

 but not with the wait time. I also had to call multiple times before I was able to get someone and tried to use the online product which was a disaster.

My issue was not resolved.

Sin solución

Took forever to get a response as this was a direct customer-related issue. When I did get a response it was a 3:45am EST. Upon seeing it the next morning, I responded and got nothing. I week later I had to call the helpdesk, wait on hold and finally get someone to assist who transferred it up to level 2. The then solved the issue in 3 minutes. In all, it took 3+ hours of my time to get someone from IT to help me with an issue FOR A CUSTOMER that took 3 minutes to fix. All the while the customer is contacting me regularly and blaming my department for this inconvenience.

As already noted in previous answers.

None of the solution worked. The problem still exists

It took a while to get to this state (2+ weeks) but nothing seems to have been done. the phone number wasnt changed so nothing has actually been done.

2 days to respond to submission. Then 1 week with no response to my reply so I had to follow-up myself.

Issue not resolved.

Se solciita el fichero en excel para que la informacion salga sepasada en columnas, pero el fichero que envien tiene la informacion en formato TXT. Se les comenta y lo siguen eviando asi varias veces. Deben revisar el proceso para enviar la infomacion en excel separada por columnas porque no es la primera vez que pasa.

Took too long for my ticket to be reviewed by level 2 person. Do not even know if they would have been able to help

I had the NorthStar issue for about a month and no one was able to help me. The only soultuion that worked was sending me the HP tower and Im no longer using Northstar

Tardaron casi tres semanas

It took 5 business days for someone to reach out to me. I called in the issue on a Friday afternoon and the Level 2 group called me back on the next Friday morning. After I had send a status update email reqiest a couple days before.

It took a bit too much time to be solved. After arrived to Alexandre it was efficiently solved.

It took way to long.. I has this problem originally on 4/2/21 and I just now got it resolved.

La incidencia estaba resuelta mucho antes de recibir el correo que lo decía y lo supe por haber probado antes si volvía a funcionar. Falta información más cercana,

on hold for 25 minutes before my call was answered

Didnt find resolution with the HD direction, sought it out on my own

I didnt ask for expediting, but it took close to 2 weeks for L2 to contact me, which felt a little long.

I waited on hold for 50-minutes

He was very helpful; it was just that there was a long wait for the process to be completed.

It was over an hour wait time just to get connected with someone. Took about 4 more hours for someone else in escalation to reach out to resolve the issue. He was able to solve very quickly.

The level 2 representative seemed to be very thorough and as efficient as possible solving the issue. There were a few techs that worked on the problem initially that could have made the process more efficient by escalating the ticket sooner. Thank you!

was on hold over 30 min

This was a known problem with the recent required update, but the the weekend IT support had no clue how to fix it. Had to escalate to level two. Cost me a full day of work and sales. Escalation team did resolve the issue in about an hour on Monday. You need to have IT work weekends that can resolve system issues.

They could not resolve

Waited on hold for ~45 minutes. Tried the online (robo chat?) support first, but was unsuccessful and found it frustrating so called the help desk. Always found a live person to be most effective and efficient in resolving issues.

Instead of fixing BLCC, you have the end user go to DMS?! BLCC is already slow so by pointing the end user to another system is another process. Maybe fix BLCC. This is not in any way against the IT person.

I was told that there was no solution for fixing this issue because Legal Files is just unavailable between certain hours. However, my issue began before those hours. And I usually work very late and Ive never had this issue before. No solution was given.

and still my email address is wrong!! I filled in this survey just a minut ago and again it showed, at the end my wrong email address. It should be masha.kuijper@libertymutual.com and NOT masha.josephusjitta-kuijper.com. the last email was showed at the end of this survey

It has not been resolved and although I was told it would be followed up on, it has not

Had to call back because rep was not listening to my issue or willing to help me find a solution.

This has not been fixed and the ticket was closed we even reached out several times to IT to do a walk through to demonstrate what is happening and nobody ever got back to me and just closed the ticket advising different models come out at different times of the year. 2022 is getting ready to come out and the system is still changing the year of the vehicle switch is causing misquotes

calling in daily and spending 6 hours in a weeks time on the phone with the help desk was extremely frustrating. On this last call I requested my issues sent to a level 2 and was initially denied. Then I request to restart my computer and the issue was not fixed was when it was sent to level 2.

Issue is still outstanding, several days later. CB

Clearing cookies doesnt work for everything.

The issue has not been solved and I have not yet received confirmation it was escalated to the next level.

I received an email the next day, however it was only to tell me that they checked my Mailbox and everything was fine.

Next steps provided were wrong for my situation. I had to course correct myself

I am not satisfied with the solution efficiency. I replied back to my ticket because my issues were and are still continuing with CSW and no one gets back to me unless a manager or higher up is copied onto the email. I am still having unresolved issues and it is very frustrating to try and go about my every day process when the technology doesnt want to work at its 100%. Everyone was nice that tried to help but I am still seeing the same issues continuing and the responses back to my tickets are limited.

It was a larger issue that took FAR too long to resolve as band-aids were used as a solution. I had to work late nights and weekends because of system issues

The issue was fixed temporarily, but it back.

I was out of a phone for 75% of the first day then a couple hours the next day before resolution was made. Additionally I was on hold for about 15 minutes before reaching IT the first time.

It took several weeks to resolve which in my opinion is too long for an issue that is customer facing.

Unfortunately the issue is still not resolved. Still waiting on additional direction from MyAssets on next steps. Help desk performed the needed update but it has not resolved the issue.

I figured it out myself. After a week of not hearing anything, I just asked my boss to repurchase it for me. I made it VERY clear I use this application everyday and it is crucial given we are working from home.

longgggggg time wait

Matthew was extremely helpful and resourceful, however, I feel as if I spent more time on the phone, on hold for the Help Desk, than I spent for the entire call. 

Stayed on hold for quite some time 

I would like an easier explanation for understand the problem.

10 minute wait for help

I 1st tried the Tech Help bot in Teams and had a horrible experience. Had to go to phone.

I was told the issue could not be escalated and that I should go directly to Zoom. I did that, and they were not helpful.

The first person I spoke to did not solve my problem and that was after it took him a couple days to actually start trying to help me.

Complete waste of time. I still have the issue and it hasnt been resolved desipe me say it is urgent.

Not able to understand my issue because I reported this incident on 22nd April 21 and today is 30th April 21 and still I am not able to login on Oracle

Totally did not resolve the problem

I waited on support and luckily I mentioned this to a co-worker, Cliff Wood that has knowledge of all our operating systems and he fixed it for me.

My issue didnt not get resolved.

There are certain number of reports, systems which I needed access to, I needed to set up request IT and IT tickets. Set up for all access was requested prior my start date, yet 2 weeks in I still am waiting for complete access and I have dealt with 5 different IT personnel and I also had to reach out to other members of finance team to see if they could assist to no avail.

She wasnt getting past the warranty issue and was reading me the riot act that I needed to get a new device. That wasnt helping me in that moment.

My issue is still completely unresolved.

I felt like we were figuring out my issue together as opposed to her knowing exactly how to resolve the problem or go in my computer to take a better look.

Lack of knowledge.

no capacity

They did not understand the issue.

The lack of understanding is not the fault of the tech services people. The problem was that the situation was complicated but there was not enough room in the incident description box to clearly outline the problem.

The ticket was escalated to the 2nd level to the wrong group (SharePoint). Three days after creating the ticket, I tracked down someone in the correct group to assist me. I was asked to change the assigned group, which I dont have access to do. 

The person I spoke to did not seem well versed in this issue, clearly reading from a script and didnt have insight as to what I should do going forward other than talk to my manager

En mis textos del ticket indico que no solo hay que eliminar lote si no que hay errores en la póliza que hay que solucionar y NADIE me ha respondido... al final esta en manos de mi Jefe de Equipo a ver si puede hablar con el responsable de Informatica porque tenemos a un cliente insatisfecho por no poder modificar su póliza por problemas informáticos y después de 5 tikets para la misma póliza nadie me ayuda con la incidencia...

Didnt seem like he wanted to help much

He got snippy with me when I didnt know the version of Avaya - I had to repeat myself several times, I felt like he wasnt listening and was annoyed that I was even calling.

The person didnt seem to understand the problem or that fixing one specific claim would not resolve the much more pervasive issue.

Closing tickets as resolved without finding a solution is not professional

My issue was that I could not log into the VD. The support person sent me messages to my Teams and email - which I couldnt see because I couldnt log into the VD.

I had to wait over an hour before I was connected. I am in sales. Liberty Mutual is losing money.

Creo haber anexado documentación al caso, no perderé más tiempo en esto, lo siento.

Understood it but didnt have an answer and didnt bother to find an answer. Just gave told me to order the newest.

Again not taking the time to read the description and then assuming I am not smart enough to know that I have to take the caller off hold in order to continue the conversation.

as above. - The person didnt resolve my issue, he was messaging me on teams at 12pm when I am in London. When i told him this he then said he would refer to their night team who never contacted me.

Nothing wrong with the support personnel. Simply disappointed theres no way to block or prevent a phone number from coming in.

Adobe creative cloud wouldnt install from the app portal. It took 3 days before I got it installed properly and before I was able to do any working using these programs. The first two level 1 support personnel just canceled the install and said to reorder the product. Every time I reordered the product, I had to get approvals. However, the installs never worked. On the second day when I contacted level 1 support a third time, I told the support contact that I didnt want to cancel and order/get approvals again. Finally, he sent my issue to level 2 support. It took another day (end of day 3) before I was contacted by level 2 support and they were able to fix the issue after an hour. It would have been better time spent for me if the issue was escaladed immediately to Level 2 support.

total waste of time dealing with this tech needs to listen better to be able to assist with the issue.

He cleared my cache and cookies something I had already done. My problem was not resolved. I was told to log in, it worked, we ended the call. Now I am getting this log in promoted for everything. I know it is not right. I should not have to log in like this when I am connected to the server.

This is an ongoing issue, but the scenarios are different. Please explain a bit more when I have reached the phase and I cant mitigate like others.

parece ser que solo es puntual, pero no es asi, ya que recibimos llamadas varias sobre la misma incidencia

I honestly dont know if he understood the problem and how to correct it It really never got corrected therefore I cant send encrypted emails to this agency. I suppose the agents IT personnel will have to do something but I dont think they will as we just dont know how to fix the problem.

they closed my ticket before it was resolved. They emailed to say the made updates and I responded to say it wasnt resolved then I received an email confirmation that my ticket was resolved when it still isnt

Never received a call, just over the system. He may have thought he understood the issue but obviously did not as the issue was not resolved.

didnt listen. just blamed my provider. did a speed test online and blamed latency. which has already been corrected. issue still exists

Plazo de tiempo muy elevado y cierran incidencia sin comprobar con el usuario que esté realmente solucionada

Navigator will not send EMS Program vendor assignment to Xact

I had a problem opening existing quotes, not new quotes. She was focused on the fact that there was no technical issue in opening new quotes, which was not my problem.

Seemed very disinterested. Said if no-one else was having problems there was nothing he could do but delete my cookies.

 it just took time to get it corrected.

The first solution presented to me was CCO - How to request access/modify access. That did not apply because I was already given access years ago. All I wanted was to have someone find out why the access was lost and to restore it.

Even though I explained the problem I was having (cant even reach the page to login), they didnt seem to understand that I couldnt see my VDEs since I couldnt login at all. I had to show them.

He didnt even try!!!! TO dismiss me and then contact me later to state that the he thinks he located the answer to the issue that I am having is unaceptable

They were not able to resolve my issue. I had to contact another person to get access to something when none of my other colleagues were having the issue.

Se cerro caso sin resolución

Issue not resolved

My issue was closed without actually being resolved with more than try again advice. Interactions demonstrate that the representative did not actually understand my explanation of the issue I encountered.

Provided a workaround. But no follow-up on solving the root cause. My Zcalar Private Access function still does not work.

unable to log into ccms with a different account.

This was via the online chat on the iTicket submit incident page. Some of the RA help articles did not fit my use case exactly, and when the ITHD agent provided steps for me to do, they were often misinterpreted because the agent assumed that I knew which laptop she was referring to (new vs. old). This caused some delays and rework on my end.

Wanted to find out if break out rooms were available in Teams and was told, no. Yes they are.

The person was accusatory to my situation, not very helpful the time it took for them to get back to me was not acceptable, and we missed the compliance date

I cant tell if the issue was understood. There was no discussion

No he recibido el soporte y aún no tengo el acceso solicitado..

Didnt take much time to troubleshoot my actual issue, but instead told me things about WIFI connection etc that werent an issue. Advised me that I need to use a plantronics headset, which even my wired headset is Jabra and has no issues

Very slow response from tier 2

Advised to wait 1-2 days for access. I had already waited 2 days and still did not have access. The ticket had to be escalated. The next person advised I would need a new laptop and to speak with someone the following week. The third person advised this was incorrect and worked promptly to restore my access. Total time to get into network was 5.5 days.

My co-workers are able to open adobe in Chrome which is what Surety uses for our applications. She could not figure out how I can open Adobe except in internet explorer.

Again, the first person did not understand the issue and closed my ticket! The second person reached out to me through the ticket and provided a number that I was able to call back on via my personal phone and worked through the issue.

I was specific in my initial request on what needed to be done and I was sent a set of instructions that had nothing to do with my issue. I had to specifically request an agent and I had to basically show her what needed to be done. It was a simple request that took 3 minutes and could of been resolved same day if the time was taken out to understand what the request was asking.

sigo sin disponer de la aplicación

No followup or response from support until weeks later and thats after the issue has already been resolved.

I have not yet heard anything back regarding this request.

At one point I was told to bring up the internet. I called because I could connect onto the internet.

The issue is still ongoing.

Failure to recognized the urgency of the issue and failed to disclose solution/options that could have made the experience more pleasant.

If you want to have the Chat Function, then there needs to be available personnel to answer the Chats Live.

Phone issues and connection issues seemed to be an area that the support personnel was not trained in or did not understand or explain to me clearly. It was frustrating speaking to the person who was supposed to help me

I am still not able to access the Reinsurance screen for GWL Realty. The issue hasnt been resolved, however the ticket has been closed. This sets me back to the beginning line with a lot of time waisted. This is a high volume account and we cannot afford to not have PW function correctly. Please help correct the issue. Thanks.

The issue has not been resolved and keep on saying it must be working in good condition. Upon checking, I still cannot make any selection using the dial pad. Please resolve this as this will affect my communication to Lien Holders.

You closed my ticket without even speaking to me. You sent me an email Tuesday afternoon instead of calling me, if I cant log in how can I read the email , and then you closed it because I didnt respond

mais conhecimentos e empatia

Well Im still having issue with trying to get into the issue. So it still being solve.

La persona que atendió mi petición fué muy amable y dispuesta pero el mapeo de la carpeta y la gestión de mis permisos ha tardado 3 días sin poder acceder a mis ficheros. Me parece mucho tiempo.

La petición no ha sido resuelta

según la chica no era posible echar atrás un movimiento en insure

They didnt do anything to resolve the premium.

Wasnt very knowledgeable.

Did not communicate very well.

Back in December 2020 I noticed the SprinkCalc III program was removed from my computer without warning. Over the past 3-4months, Tier 1 has worked extremely hard to re-install Tyco Fire Products SprinkCALC III 3.2.20.270 & Tyco Fire Products SprinkCalc Intel Driver files from the Liberty Application Portal. This effort has been delegated back and forth between Tier 1 & Tier 2 multiple times without success. On multiple occasions my direct managers were notified, our Product team was notified, and only until I contacted the Manager of Property Risk Engineering directly, did anyone in our organization take note. Without applying retention policies to Liberty Application Portal emails automatically received, my records indicate I have been requesting assistance on Feb 7., Feb. 8, Mar 13, Mar 14, Mar 16, Apr 9, and Apr 13. It has been discovered that my ability to download an approved program from the Liberty Application Portal has been blocked. I guess my question is, why? Why was this program removed from my computer in the first place? Who is responsible for making this decision without warning? Will this affect my OSPE & VIP or the individual(s) responsible?

The issue is not resolved even though the ticket was closed.

as of now NOthing

Super Fast!

He didnt know how to do what I was asking. He reached out to another IT person. While he was waiting, I found some notes from the previous time the IT dept. helped me with a similar problem and I shared that with him and he was able to fix it.

The issue is with my computer, not the website I need to use.

Sin solución

Took forever to get a response as this was a direct customer-related issue. When I did get a response it was a 3:45am EST. Upon seeing it the next morning, I responded and got nothing. I week later I had to call the helpdesk, wait on hold and finally get someone to assist who transferred it up to level 2. The then solved the issue in 3 minutes. In all, it took 3+ hours of my time to get someone from IT to help me with an issue FOR A CUSTOMER that took 3 minutes to fix. All the while the customer is contacting me regularly and blaming my department for this inconvenience.

As noted above, there appeared to be a distinct lack of appreciation for the sever impact the delay of not having a replacement laptop was having on my ability to effectively carry out my work, which also impacts GWP/clients etc. I managed by using my mobile device and with the support of my underwriter colleagues, but that it not the point.

The ticket was resolved with NOTHING done. the phone number was not changed to prevent spam calls that have been occurring for over a month now. Whoever worked the issue didnt understand the issue because the request was to provision a new phone number to avoid the calls from happening. If the number is the same theyll continue.

My issue was described in detail when submitted but personnel responded as if I didnt provide details and then didnt respond timely.

I have called in several times regarding the same issue and it is marked resoled when not resolved.

I have no idea if this issue has been resolved for our Safeco agent. I received an email that this was being worked on but nothing since.

Se solciita el fichero en excel para que la informacion salga sepasada en columnas, pero el fichero que envien tiene la informacion en formato TXT. Se les comenta y lo siguen eviando asi varias veces. Deben revisar el proceso para enviar la infomacion en excel separada por columnas porque no es la primera vez que pasa.

Raised an issue but the first person was not able to help. Issue was raised to higher level but took a few days to hear a response. Ended up solving the issue myself a few days before level 2 person contacted me.

my problem is a known issue - the computer cannot locate wireless server. If this is a know issue, why didnt they fix my new computer before sending it to me?

L1 should have asked whether power was plugged into the correct port

2nd call to agent ended up resolving issue, in a sense

They couldnt solve it, I have to call the Travel desk to resolve

I dont have full visibility in ability to understand your issue. After 40 minutes of doing various tasks with Excel, I had to request to break the tech help session to attend a previously scheduled meeting. The item was closed the next day without resolution.

This ticket has not been resolved. I have sent feedback saying it is unresolved and I got a survey instead. I need to be able to access my peoples information, but nobody can help me. T

The rep asked me information that I was never given, regarding the original setup email and he didnt understand that when I mentioned that the information was not there. I called in and he was able to log into Avaya really quick and see the issue and refresh it and get me back up and running.

Listen before you jump to conclusions and imply I am stupid.

I called for Password help for PASSPORT. Was told Level 1 cannot help and had to escalate to Level 2....Why is level 1 answering the que for Password Support if they cannot be of any assistance??

This was closed and nothing was fixed. CFA is changing the year of the vehicle when we input 2021 on the Niss

the problem is not fixed, they just told me to get back to them if it happens again

It is very frustrating that I had spend close to 6 hours on the phone with the help desk and only by my urging did this get sent to a level 2 to fix the issue. I was actually told that if the level one fixs the issue then level 2 would not look at it. I responded that the issue was not fixed, and I requested to restart the computer and the issue was not fixed. I called Mon, Wednesday, Thursday and Friday. I lost a lot of time this week on computer issues.

Asked me to restate the issue described in the ticket. Asked me to provide information that was included in the original ticket.

The issue wasnt resolve.

I opened the ticket stating that any email I send with an attachment ends up going to drafts, instead of actually sending. The email responses I got from the assigned agent were just reassuring me everything is fine, when it is not yet been corrected.

Orion is just another enigma that is always having updates and maintenance really makes it hard to do our jobs and when there is an issue the answer we always get its a known issue

They read through the request too quickly and didnt see my full unique problem. Tried to fit a square peg into a round hole.

The problem was solved but not very timely (its been weeks and this was impacting the customers) and we didnt receive any information about what caused it.

There was a misunderstanding with the issue. Advised it wasnt a system issue but a specific issue with a quote and it took a while to relay this message and let agent know I didnt need to restart the computer as this was just down prior to calling.

There were several back and forth conversations that took place. One part of the request was handle timely and accurately, but I didnt resolution to 2nd part of request, other than uninstalling outlook and reinstalling which I dont think is the best option. I have not had to do that before.

issue was addressed weeks after issue was reported to IT help desk

I didnt get to interact with anyone regarding this issue. It was marked resolved despite it being a known outage

They were not able to help me. They just wanted to send me documents that I had already saw or that I could not understand. This is not the type of help that I reached out for.

No changes are needed taking into account the good service I received. However recommend it to a colleague? A strange question - I dont envisage this scenario occurring as what choice is there to completing such a task?

Sort out the way AO is delivered. There are two version on the software centre with slightly different names; there should be one. And the descriptions should be better. Also level 1 staff should understand that anything to do with SAP is sent to level 2 immediately if there is an issue. It would also help if the US based staff understood that the UK based staff have different working hours so that a call at 20.00 uk time is pointless.

At least send an email to user regarding what IT dept is doing to resolve the issue

Actually reach out to the user to determine the problem and not just give a general answer that does not work. Clearing cookies does not solve all technical issues.

address the issue in a timely manner, I still have one pending on another ticket...

Mine was wonderful but some that I have spoke to were not as nice.

Make sure that the issue gets resolved.

The wait time was 16-17 minutes.

Less time on hold prior to speaking to someone.

Especially for completely new set ups, either the laptops can be set up with the appropriate software before sending out, then the only thing that needs to be organised is username and passwords. Or the initial set up can be completed by 1 IT person and not several.

Be helpful instead of rude and unprofessional when I explained we couldnt get new computers and she wanted to continue talking about it.

Actual follow through to the end of the issue and permission to close the ticket would be lovely

bye

Tier 1 being able to resolve issues.

understand

They should have reached out to me to address the issue that I was experiencing.

stop the constant changes made to contacting the help desk.

no, really just if they had timely tried to figure out the issue or provided feedback

try to research the problem, he gave the impression of not caring much.

Just listen, dont jump to conclusions before hearing the whole problem.

The first few times I called regarding my audio issue the agents were not very helpful and didnt know how to solve my audio. Shannon was really smart and solved the issue very fast

En mis textos del ticket indico que no solo hay que eliminar lote si no que hay errores en la póliza que hay que solucionar y NADIE me ha respondido... al final esta en manos de mi Jefe de Equipo a ver si puede hablar con el responsable de Informatica porque tenemos a un cliente insatisfecho por no poder modificar su póliza por problemas informáticos y después de 5 tikets para la misma póliza nadie me ayuda con la incidencia...

Be more professional and helpful

I dont know if this rep was having a bad day, or if he just has a bad attitude, so answering this question is difficult

Taken the time to understand how large the problem is, taken ownership to resolve it, and re-assigned the closed claims. With bulk-reassign I imagine it would only have taken a few minutes to resolve vs. me continuing to get calls on them, locate someone in claims, transfer the call, etc. etc.

not waiting so long and making sure problem resolved

Some people are more proficient with technology than others - please understand that.

Better support needed. Unresolved issues should be kept open until solved.

Less hold time and faster fix time

I had to wait over an hour before I was connected. I am in sales. Liberty Mutual is losing money.

Resolver a tiempo y menos correos sin valor (recepcion de solicitud, encuesta etc.) y enfocarse en resolver el problema

be more realistic with wait times, better call back system

quicker response time for agents who can not work

Timeliness of response to escalated requests.

It is very frustrating to keep trying to post with no notice for a couple of hours that it is a system wide problem and then no one contacts me until more than one full business day later. There needs to be much faster response and fix time.

Read the description before asking the same question already provided, be more polite

team consistency.

Atleast we need a call after lodging a request

long lag time to get to someone

 My feedback is for the chat functionality - if I dont have access to the network there is no way to utilize the tech hub. I also tried to utilize the tech hub when I did have network access briefly and asked for a call back because I was having network issues. The chat closed out after I had been in the que for 30-40 minutes and I lost my place in line. It would be better to be able to add yourself to the que for a call back and not have to leave the chat open for your place in line. Also the wait times were really long to talk to someone on the phone. When you dont have access to the network, spending a full day trying to get help isnt a great experience.

Wait time was almost 45 minutes

I am a person that will use the HD search to identify and resolve my problem quickly. I wish it was easier to search and to narrow down the issue.

I sent the error message through. I also followed all of the steps that was recommended in the first email. Yet, the first person that contacted me had me go through all of these items again.

 tech needs to listen better to be able to assist with the issue.

Dont rush me off and make me feel silly for calling. It is clearly something bigger then my cache and cookies.

Be able to fix the problem when I call. Not send me an email that the problem has been resolved when it has not

Focused issue resolution, actually help me isolate versus this is the same issue everyone is having canned response.

For starters, stop the automated message that says, without saying it, that you dont want us to call. Telling me that the number Ive been calling for over 6 years when I need a human interaction to solve the problem is going to be disconnected in the coming months with no hint at there being an alternate number to call is terrible customer service. Its saying that you know whats best for me in how I resolve my technology problem and my desire as the customer is irrelevant. Go look at our web site where you can spend an endless time trying to figure out your problem on your own. Youre telling us your time is more important than ours and you dont want to be bothered by us.

atención mas personalizada

First I was not reached out in email, Even if they tried and unable to reach me means they might tried EMAIL option

I really wish our IT would have been able to talk directly to the agents IT so they could see if there is a resolution to this problem

Around 4-5 different individuals reached out to me via email or Teams regarding this issue, all checking in on the request/next steps. I appreciate everyone being willing to help, but it was a little confusing/complicated to have so many individuals reaching out to me.

The techs should realize not everyone understands computers that is the reason they need to call IT support for assistance.

It would be nice to speak to someone directly on the first call to get the issue resolved. The second tier may be knowledgeable but if you cannot speak directly with the person you are trying to help resolve the issue, then why have a second tier.

Plazo de tiempo muy elevado y cierran incidencia sin comprobar con el usuario que esté realmente solucionada

They would have to actually address the problem. Or at the least tell me that it cant be fixed. Instead, she basically told me that everything is fine because something else was working correctly. Something that had nothing to do with my issue. Then she told me that I would hear from Level 3, and I never heard from them.

Give tips on how to succeed without having to call. Do something other than Basic clearance

we only call the help desk if we cant get it corrected ourselves with a restart or suggestions from coworkers. the help desk takes too long to respond. I just spend 2 days not being able to do the most important part of my job because a monitor wasnt working.

This is a strange question to ask when you consider the fact that we have no other choice for IT support. How can we possibly recommend the organization either favorably or unfavorably when it is our only choice?

I had a single problem and I had to discuss the issues with at least 4 people until the last person I dealt with could help me and resolved the issue very clearly and concisely and walked me through the steps. I believe his name was Derek. Somehow there must be an easier way to get to the heart of technology issues more quickly and efficiently.

Get issue resolved before closing the ticket.

Se podría agendar y avisar cuando te atenderán casos especiales, es especial al área comercial

Escalate issues if not aware of how to fix

Better communication because it took a week or almost a week to reach out to me

Address language and time zone obstacles.

more interaction directly (over the phone) vs trying to automate it.

train the staff with real knowledge, the script should be just guidance.

less hold time

Direct contact details of support engineer should be made available to customers for follow-ups

A way to follow-up with the user to confirm that the instructions successfully resolved my issue (instead of assuming). I understand this would be more overhead on ITHD, but it would definitely be a nicety for the user. Or perhaps send a follow-up email automatically within a few hours to me - I could click YES if I my issues were resolved, or NO if my issues still persisted and I needed more help from ITHD. Thank you!

Resolve the issue.

Communicate and provide updates in a more timely manner

more training to the Support team

Timeliness is key

Attempt to resolve the actual issue and not just fall back on to how to guides

More timely Tier 2 follow up on escelations

My rating is reflection of current process where I have been chased for something I have no control over, i.e. the failure some where to document the return of the laptop.

This was the third time I tried to get access to download software using RequestIT. Interestingly enough the previous Help Desk calls were not as productive because they just wanted to give me a link and move on.  I do not often find that type of empathy and commitment from the help desk . To escalate the issue which could take 5 days would not have resolved this in time. Note that I tried to initiate this process a week ago--but the Request IT system is no longer flexible (as it had been in the past) for field people such as myself and will rescind administrator privileges after 24 hours which is unreasonable when we do not reside in an office.

Hire more people in telephony and give up the blue cord myth.

More technicians available.

Quicker response

Follow up with customer. Even if support org doesnt have time to service the ticket yet, at give the ticket submitter an SLA.

I always have good experiences when I call in, but I tried the im option via teams for this request. to date, Ive not heard anything back yet.

There must be a direct contact number of a person to discuss & understood him the actual issue and resolution.

They would need to actually fix the issue and do it faster

Have a sense of urgency and properly disclose options so agent and customer can make a sound decision

be more Efficient.

what I disliked the most was that it was handled through a Teams chat. When I asked if it could be done via phone, it was just advised to share my screen. I personally do not like working through issues through chat. I did not find it effective or efficient.

IT support personnel need to be trained in phone issues. It sounded like those issues are handled by another team. All phone and computer issues should be handled by the same team in my opinion. Its frustrating to have to go to different units to get my issue fixed and there should be more guidance on this.

We have no other options so that question is moot. Usually my issues are handled timely and resolved quickly. This issue was the fist time I was told that I would have to do more ground work for them to look into the problem. That is not my job. I bubbled it up to my manager

resolve in a timely manner.

Theres no way you even looked at the ticket if you emailed me instead of calling

mias interesse e empatia com os problemas

The language is a problem

faster response to issues resulting in financial and service delays

reduce the waiting time

more timely responses and less field work in this case.

Call back within a reasonable amount of time. Not have to wait on hold for than 20 minutes to talk to a person.

problem came back again, can you re-fix my istar?

unfortunately I had to call in 3 times to get an agent to work with. The first agent took my info including my call back number and then the phone disconnected. I did not receive a call back and I received an email update that my case was closed. When I did get in touch with an agent she was excellent and helped me get my new replacement laptop up and running. The process for replacement laptops needs to be updated to reflect the need to call the HD for support, I had to take extra steps to get it online and from the directions that ship it is written as though it should just work and that is far from the case.

ability to provide adequate solutions on a timely basis

en primer lugar, no tenernos sin contestar nada en semanas, no indicarnos de entrada que hay cosas que no se pueden hacer ser mas eficientes, luego hay gente encantandora, pero al externalizarse todo, el servicio es peor, lento y dificultoso

no contact for several days to see if my problem was resolved

Actually fix what the IT tickets are for.

Respond to people during their business hours before closing a ticket within 24 hours

Better training.

To be more prepared. If not able to help maybe forward to another co-worker or advisor.

Find out whos responsible and make it right.

Well.. this question really does not make sense.. our only option is to go to IT.. Also, while the the assist was great.. my issue was not resolve. They just told me to ignore the incorrect information. Honestly.. IT should be doing a better job than that. I dont want to see wrong info on my My Liberty Home Page every day with the fix.. being just ignore it.

an actual solution to my problem. Recently it seems the biggest interest is just to close a ticket.

Normally, I am a big champion of the IT support organization, but this really upset me. I promise that I do not see it as a reflection of the whole organization, but there was definitely a glitch somewhere around this one.

have enough staff to reduce wait time

Hold times can be ridiculous. More agents available. Frustrated that they continue to push online forms and waiting for answers. When you cant access anything, time is critical and you need to speak with someone, not wait 24 hours for a response to an online form, or searching for answers.

Taking the time to truly understand the issue and then fix the problem.

Tiempo de respuesta

More timely, faster responses especially if the matter is directly related to a customer need. Too much of a disconnect between trying to use the online platforms and getting the problem to a person who can solve the issue. Wait times are much longer than they use to be. This should have taken 5 minutes total to resolve. Instead took 2 weeks, multiple complaints from the customer, and hours out of my work day to fix a process I had no control over.

Deal with this type of serious issue as a priority. Offer alternative solutions in the interim. Respond to emails from the person impacted in a timely way.

They should provide a working solution before closing the ticket

I dont know how you could solve for the issues related to this ticket. Maybe helping the individual working it understand how the TEAMS phone numbers are used by the organization and providing training on resolving SPAM phone calls. I cant imagine im the only one that has had this issue.

Require personnel to communicate from email box that can be responded to. Require personnel to respond timely. Train staff on courteous customer service skills.

Dont change the ticket to resolved status when the issue is still not resolved.

Necesitan formacion.

Quicker responses and movements from level 1 to level 2. If an issue reaches level 2 its usually business critical in my eyes so why did it take 5+ days to go from one to the other...

Shorten the wait time (I waited for around 40 minutes to speak to someone)

quicker response time; fix the known issue before the new laptop was sent to me

Actually be able to solve a critical problem.

Offer services for all programs 24/7 for emergencies like this

Listen more carefully to the initial question or rquired changes to be made..... still my email address is wrong!! I filled in this survey just a minut ago and again it showed, at the end my wrong email address. It should be masha.kuijper@libertymutual.com and NOT masha.josephusjitta-kuijper.com. the last email was showed at the end of this survey

Every single time I call out to IT the first question they ask me is what is a good contact number for you? I provide the best contact number every single time. I understand that they will email first as a follow up, but if a response is not received on ITs end by email then the next source of contact should be by call and not just a closed out ticket because they cant reach you by email.

friendliness or honestly caring about my tech issue.

for my problem to actually be diagnosed and fixed, this has been ongoing for months with no resolution

fix the problem the first time. each time u get a different person who is very nice but probably concerned with an immediate fix, not an over all fix, and getting to the next person with an issue. I also waited up to 40 minutes to speak with someone. T

the only person in the IT dept that is extremely helpful and efficient is Alex Jamison. He seems to know how to fix any issues

Read and understand the information provided in the original ticket. Avoid unnecessary communications - only reach out if additional information is required, or something was unclear.

Make the process smoother, more efficient. Less time consuming.

confirm that someone will eventually try to fix the issue. I know they have 5 days to respond, but it would be nice to have confirmation that the initial IT person actually did what was needed to escalate.

Correcting the issue or giving feedback on steps needed to correct the issue.

I was on hold for 30 mins waiting on someone to help. 

We should have one platform for every essues

The recommendation to others question is silly. We dont have a choice when we have a tech issue. We have to go to IT support regardless if we want to recommend or not.

Just really reach out to help with the problem. Your level 1 helped more than the escalated group. Again, nothing personal with the individuals. The conversations are in teams. The 1st person, I really didnt feel helped but brushed off. Not reflect the ppl involved; I think it is more of a process. Seem like they were determine to only respond via notes in Teams v. trying to actually discuss my problems

If their track record of fixing things was better, maybe. The people are nice - but the effectiveness is in question

Its a moot question when there are no other options.

This time I used the chat feature to connect to IT. I didnt like it. I think talking over the phone is a more effective way to convey the issue at the hand and get a resolution. However, the wait time to talk to someone can be long (that has been my experience), so thats why I used the chat feature. I didnt have to wait long to get someone to respond to my chat request, but I didnt like the experience that much.

For adjusters our phone is our life line and when it is not working we are unable to work. I believe this type of issue should be resolvable within an hour not days. Working with a sense of urgency to get us back online to help our customers as fast as possible would be ideal. Both members of IT were very professional and did everything they could to get me going again just wish the process did not have so many hoops and I wish it was faster :) Thank you!

Call people, speak to them. It is hard for non-tech employees to communicate our tech issues through typing alone and reading directions in some cases. I really miss the human touch with the IT department. I only used the website to initiate my ticket instead of calling in to start with because I was told it would save time. It definitely did not do save me any time.