I already cleared cookies and cache and the site is still not accessible. This was a presumptuous answer.

Just told me to ask peers or supervisor to resolve issue.

The issue was fixed by a co-worker that traced the agent code issue in IMS and was not addressed by IT

It seems the person just gave an answer to close the ticket. They didnt fix the issue. I understand you have SLAs on tickets but to just close it for the sake of meeting a metric is very frustrating. I have been trying to get this issue fixed for over a year and cant get the help to get it resolved.

I was told she wasnt able to assist due to my computer out of warranty. My dept isnt allowing new computers due to budget unless they completely die. My computer isnt dead it was just having issues connecting to the network. I didnt appreciate her tone or how she wasnt really willing to help. I ended up hanging up on her as she wouldnt listen to me and told me to restart my modem which I had already done. She completed my ticket without it being resolved. I ended up fixing it myself with my own troubleshooting thankfully as I dont have the extra time in my day to get grief from a help desk person when I am calling in to get help.

v

She seemed confused by what I was asking and while she was kind, I did get cut off a bit when trying to explain my issue.

The Tech agent doesnt sound very friendly. I didnt get the service that I was expecting from a LMI IT dept. Professional, knowledgeable and friendly voice.

no solution

Why are you changing your phone number and not telling people what it is changing to?

They did not address the correct issue that the ticket was called in. It appears that they resolved the incorrect ticket or issue at hand. Also, it took them 2 weeks to say it was an user error, which again, they did not address the correct issue.

none

Delayed action

he gave me no help, I know what I asked for can be done, thought I was reaching out to the experts.

Immediately diagnoses as I already know what this is. He hadnt fully heard my issue yet.

En mis textos del ticket indico que no solo hay que eliminar lote si no que hay errores en la póliza que hay que solucionar y NADIE me ha respondido... al final esta en manos de mi Jefe de Equipo a ver si puede hablar con el responsable de Informatica porque tenemos a un cliente insatisfecho por no poder modificar su póliza por problemas informáticos y después de 5 tikets para la misma póliza nadie me ayuda con la incidencia...

I felt like the IT tech was not offering a solution to the issue. As an appraiser, we are not IT professionals. We contact the IT department to help us fix our issues as they are the ones best equipped to do so. If you read the script of our text, he basically said there was nothing he could do to help me and after that never said, is there anything else I can do? never gave me next steps to work on, nothing. He just alluded to the fact that he could not help because I was not hard wired. I asked if he meant hard wired for trouble shooting (because I could do that) or all the time for the job. He said you are never supposed to work on wifi that I need to be on a hard line ALL THE TIME and basically until I was set up to a hard line for good, he couldnt help. This leaves me with no solution as I am set up to a wireless network which I have been for the 2.5 years that Ive worked here. Im pretty sure everyone I know that works for us is on a wireless network for good as well so I dont even think that is correct. I still have a phone that doesnt work.

Didnt seem like he wanted to help me, told me to restart and I would be ok without waiting on the line so I IM him and he said I would have to callback in to Helpdesk. Once I did I got him again and after being on the phone with him less than 2 minutes he said he is going to escalate to second level. Was not professional

Very condescending and rude

I felt like I was getting the brush-off. I had to keep pushing back but still didnt get anywhere.

Support staff seemed to give short shrift to my concerns that set up would be more difficult - was frustrated that I was not simply following the manual and was relying upon IT support.

The ticket was closed and I should reopen it later.

Issue resolved by itself

Not friendly

Tech seemed less than pleased to be remoting in to an issue that resolved quickly. The file would not download when I previously attempted and did download quickly. A simple no problem or problem fixed when I apologized for wasting his time instead of silence and a hang up.

I had to wait over an hour before I was connected. I am in sales. Liberty Mutual is losing money.

Mi incidencia era que no podía cerrar el Lote de emisión, me respondido diciendo amablemente que cierre el lote, que eso es lo que yo pedía. Sospecho que no han entendido mi petición, pero el caso es que por no respuesta me lo han cerrado y me piden que ponga otra incidencia !!!!! Siento no haber respondido de inmediato al mail, pero no siempre estamos conectados, disponibles, etc etc etc.

Tech support did not read my issue in the original description then when I explained issue he was rude and told me the problem was because I wasnt taking the customer off hold. Treated me like I was creating the problem and was basically bothering him with my dumb mistake.

Tech support did not read my issue in the original description then when I explained issue he was rude and told me the problem was because I wasnt taking the customer off hold. Treated me like I was creating the problem and was basically bothering him with my dumb mistake.

The person didnt resolve my issue, he was messaging me on teams at 12pm when I am in London. When i told him this he then said he would refer to their night team who never contacted me.

.

still pasword is not working for PARE application

the feedback is for the intial support on 4/24/2021. The tech support person did not understand the issue and I am not sure she knew Aces or Via. She stated she wanted to throw her computer out the window. We lost phone connection and she stated she couldnt call me back - said the phone wasnt letting her. I checked my phone connection and it was fine. She quickly stated she was sending it to Tier 2, so I had to wait til Monday, 4/26 to get issue resolved. Tier 2 quickly and professionally fixed the issue.

I did not interact with a support person. I submitted an online ticket then got notified it was closed.

Please review agent call recording with me regarding CSW not launching or opening he repeatedly spoke in tech terms and had very long pauses then would come back on the line and tell me that there is no way that I could log in to my desk top the way I explained to him (I have worked in DRC sales for 4yrs have always logged in the same way) and the tech agent told me that I needed to log in a different way that he was trying to instruct me to do and he was asking for pw and user id for an application that I dont log into daily to do my task after at least 15 minutes of absolutely nothing but him telling me that I was wrong and that I need information to log in the way he was advising I then ask that he escalate my call to a supv or someone else only then did the rep again after a long pause of a few min he told me that he was reaching out to a colleague for solutions unfortunately this was very unprofessional and a waste of time he later came back on the line only to tell me he was confused because other sales channel log in a different way. Please advise tech that time is valuable and if he cant resolve an issue he should search for an answer or get an leader engaged, total waste of time dealing with this tech needs to listen better to be able to assist with the issue.

I believe 5 words were said to me this entire call.

on hold for more than 30 minutes, then the tech guy was moving too fast for me to ask more issues. Horrible!

me cierran la incidencia sin haberla resuelto

I did not got reached out by anyone for this issue

they closed my ticket before it was resolved. They emailed to say the made updates and I responded to say it wasnt resolved then I received an email confirmation that my ticket was resolved when it still isnt

He came across condescending. He acted like the solution was easy and obvious and I should not be bothering him for assistance. As I am not a computer tech is was not obvious to me

I felt like they were able to understand the issue, however the delivery in their assistance could have been a little more professional. I am not a tech guru and they made that very apparent i.e. slightly condescending.

Appears nobody can fix my issue. After having to wait for days for the 2nd tier to get back to me, nothing has been resolved. Same issue that I called to obtain help on in the first place.

No one wants to look into this issue for me. They just want to take the easy road and blame my internet provider. i Cant believe it is thi shard to find someone who wants to help

Plazo de tiempo muy elevado y cierran incidencia sin comprobar con el usuario que esté realmente solucionada

Tier 1 phone call was great. Sent it to Tier II and thats wher3e it fell apart. Problem stil isnt fixed and support was basically, sorry, cant help you. This ticket should never have beeen closed

my response is based on the person I talked to today, the 3rd day of my monitor not working. since being back up and running, the monitor continues to go off and on.

here is the message I sent to John Martinez: SMH. I will try this. As a new employee trying to navigate this system it is already frustrating and overwhelming and to encounter a coworker in the IT department that is very short and dismissive and not offer any assistance initially just adds to the frustration. I felt as if you just wanted to get me off of the phone. But thank you for your help. Have a wonderful day

Porque quedamos de verlo una vez terminara reunión y no me volvió a hablar

Appeared to just read off script and did not understand what my issue was

I put this in a week ago. I was able to fix it myself though

polite, try to help

was not possible the support team resolve this issue

Have error warning that pops up. It seems that I can keep working but want to know why I get the warning. IT responded late. Asked if I was still having the problem. I am working in workbench, and she said she was closing the file.

No he recibido el soporte y aún no tengo el acceso solicitado.

NO se puede abrir expediente ni por Ocean, ni por Insure ni por GD.

nobody clearly ever reached out to my request. the problem was resolved but not sure if on its own or by someone.

I felt like she was in a hurry. I asked her to call me so I can explain my issues and she said she was multi-tasking and helping while she was in a meeting

After I reopened my ticket, the second person to help me was very professional and helpful. To have the first person close my ticket because I didnt respond when calling me on teams and send me a chat was not acceptable, considering that was the issue I was reporting.

The second level person was a bit pushy as I didnt respond to his TEAMs message right away. The first person was fine however I wish he had a better understanding of the DLs and that some are now changeable via Outlook direct vs the tool

ticket closed but not solved

I have not heard anything back yet regarding this request.

Provided resolution not working and the ticket reopen option also not working.

My issue was not resolved.

Failure to disclose solution/options that could have made the experience more pleasant.

I never received a Call like the Chat said I would and the Issue with my ESX Files is still not fixed.

I felt the first representative was a bit sarcastic during the call - when I asked why the issue might be all of a sudden occurring (its worked every day for years for me) - the response was I dont know, I dont work for Sprint.

Support personnel was unable to help me with my issue and referred me to go to my manager who does not know how to fix my issue. When I advised that neither me nor my manager know the next step and if they can direct me to someone else, they gave me a list of people to call but told me that he didnt know if they were still with the company or if the list was accurate. The person helping me felt very untrained or unknowledgable about issues around our phone system. It was very frustrating and I could tell they were getting frustrated with me as well. Basically I had to call IT again to get a different person to help me.

THEY WERE OKAY AND I REALIZE ONCE ESCALATED TO L2 LM HD HAS NO CONTROL OR UPDATES. BUT I FELT LIKE HE WAS ANNOYED THAT I HAD KEPT CALLING TO ASK ABOUT UPDATES.BUT HE WAS KNOWLEDGE AND PROFESSIONAL

You closed my ticket without even speaking to me. You sent me an email Tuesday afternoon instead of calling me, if I cant log in how can I read the email , and then you closed it because I didnt respond

well done

I felt like his tone sounded like he was irritated and slightly condescending when asking me to enter my n# and enterprise ID

for someone who it technology challenged the rep was not especially understanding and seemed bothered by my questions regarding what she wanted me to do.

call was disconnected right after I gave my call back phone number. I also clarified what the number would be used for and the agent said in case we get disconnected I can call you back. right after that the call was disconnected. I expected a call back but did not receive one. I received the email update afterwards telling me the case was closed. I had to start the process all over again.

La petición no ha sido resuelta

mas de un mes en saber arreglar el problema

No contact with second level

The response did not provide any information or update and the spelling was inaccurate.

I reached out to the help hub yesterday at noon CST. Your technicians responded via Teams that night at 9:18pm; then email at 9:24pm CST; then at 10:18pm CST. Then, you sent an email at 4:37am this morning. telling me that you are closing my ticket because I did not respond. I was not working between 9:18pm and 4:37 am CST so did not see any of your messages. I suggest you reach out to people during their business hours before closing the ticket within 24 hours.

There was no communication with the person helping me so I was not sure they were on the call to assist me.

related to this issue no suggestions

took too long on hold to get service

I felt like she wasnt listening and did not care to help me at all. She told me the issue was with the website and not my computer. This issue IS with my computer. Something isnt being cleared from my computer and it not allowing me to log back in. I was able to find a way in by logging in through chrome and then transferring the webpage to IE. Although simply deleting my cookies did not work, Ive seen in the past where IT does more, like clears my cache etc. I dont know what they all do, but Ive seen them do more and had them fix in the past.

sin solución

The IT support on the initial call reporting the problem was fine (i.e. call centre staff in the US), but once this had been passed to local IT in the UK the service level was very poor. I reported the problem on 31 March and on the same day a new laptop was promised to be sent out, but a laptop was not actually sent until 8 April which was then only received on 9 April. In other words it took over a week for a laptop to be received from the date of the report. I appreciate that there was a bank holiday during this period, but nonetheless this is far too long to have to wait for a new laptop. My ability to work effectively was severely impacted by this delay. I have worked at various firms and if a laptop failed a new one was typically been sent out by priority courier within 24 hours. In addition, no alternative solution was offered by IT while I waited. I had to chase hard for a VPN token (which was at my suggestion) to be able to log in remotely on my personal device and even this did not work. I am providing this feedback not as a complaint but to highlight what happened so that it can be addressed and the tools needed the job effectively can be provided more quickly to other colleagues in the future.

I had an unfavorable experience with support personnel three times. First, receiving communications from an email address that returns an undeliverable message when you reply. Second, not receiving a reply for assistance for one week and having to make a second request. Third, a telephone call with a rep who was short and rude and was not paying attention to my screen even though they asked for me to share it with them for a visual to assist me.

NA- Only received on email that this is being worked on

Se solciita el fichero en excel para que la informacion salga sepasada en columnas, pero el fichero que envien tiene la informacion en formato TXT. Se les comenta y lo siguen eviando asi varias veces. Deben revisar el proceso para enviar la infomacion en excel separada por columnas porque no es la primera vez que pasa.

barcelona

It took a week for the Level 2 team to reach out to me and then they pinged me and wanted me to work with them right then. A week is too long to have a new computer not working. Also it would be helpful to set up an appointment if needed to work on the issue.

Would have liked a dialogue where the personnel talked about what they were doing so I know what was going on

A mi nadie me ha confirmado que la incidencia haya sido resuelta

and still my email address is wrong!! I filled in this survey just a minut ago and again it showed, at the end my wrong email address. It should be masha.kuijper@libertymutual.com and NOT masha.josephusjitta-kuijper.com. the last email is showed at the end of this survey

Good - Quick response to the reporting of the problem. Bad - Item was closed without checking with me first. The problem still exists.

Really support team is very helpful for us .

disregarded my issue before I was even done explaining. Dismissed anything my supervisor told me to tell them.

.

they closed ticket without speaking with me

The ppl I dealt w/ were professional & nothing personal for them. I do want to be hones though and explain my issue was helped more at level 1 v. level 2 support. They basically sent me links to follow. In other words, I was given a fish rod & told to fish for myself. That is great, but I 1st needed help to make sure I was fishing the proper way. I hope this does not reflect the individuals, but the system of reaching out is not helpful. I prefer to call and I like better when the person actually come into my system to walk through the process with me.

good response

Would be nice to speak to someone instead of completely virtual. Lacks the personal touch when you are speaking to the chat :)

Tone in email was not friendly.

I didnt get to interact with anyone regarding this issue. It was marked resolved despite it being a known outage

They contacted me for the first time view email over the weekend, then later at another time that was not at one of the suggested times that they asked me to provide. They also would not speak with me only text. I tried to call them and they did not pick up. I asked them to call me and they said their headset was broken. I asked them to call with out the headset using their computer speakers or a cell phone and they said they could not.

No next steps were suggested. I still dont have AO

Didnt get any solution. Today is 8th day

Not helpful at all

Some IT systems were provided very quickly (SAP & ORYX & Genius) , other accesses were slow ( BI , IBD Cube & Proper access to drives)

Devices go out of warranty and I am a supervisor and have been involved in discussions around them. Until they die we arent replacing them at this time.

I received an error when I tried to fill out the form and ID closed my ticket without checking to see if the issue was resolved.

none provided

Sue Hartwig was very helpful and diligent about resolving the issue.

.

no he podido traspasar la información del PC antiguo al nuevo hace semanas, el personal es muy profesional y empático, pero he tenido muchos inconvenientes y también me han entregado información que no corresponde.

2

none

My computer is still having the same issues. I have called the Help Desk 4 times now with no fix.

see above

They had me repeat the request for access and it resulting in the same issue. It did not correct anything (and it was / is a few day process). Problem was elevated to level 2 and it was resolved within 5 minutes.

No solution provided other than talk to my manager and my manager doesnt know what to do which is why I spent 30 minutes calling the helpdesk. No insight in what to do other than wait until it breaks and then try to replace under a warranty. That solution is not good as it potentially leaves me unable to work without a laptop in the future!

En mis textos del ticket indico que no solo hay que eliminar lote si no que hay errores en la póliza que hay que solucionar y NADIE me ha respondido... al final esta en manos de mi Jefe de Equipo a ver si puede hablar con el responsable de Informatica porque tenemos a un cliente insatisfecho por no poder modificar su póliza por problemas informáticos y después de 5 tikets para la misma póliza nadie me ayuda con la incidencia...

no next steps or solution provided. please read the chat text

Just wanted to pass me to someone else

I have used IT services a lot in the last few weeks. Most of the time I have had good experiences, with professional and friendly reps. I was highly disappointed in the service, lack of professionalism and rudeness of the rep that assisted today.

The problem wasnt fixed and I still dont understand why all closed claims still under my name cant be re-assigned to someone whos still in that department. The claims could stay closed and be re-assigned so any questions that arise can be directed to someone who could actually help.

IT knew the issue and got back to me timely. It would have been more effective to let me know which characters were not allowed. Would have meant one less back and forth email to be more specific.

may arrange the timeline to fix completely issue

Nothing to do with the tech that helped me out (she was great!) just not sure why we cant have Bluetooth enabled ear buds connected to our LM laptops.

I had to wait over an hour before I was connected. I am in sales. Liberty Mutual is losing money.

.

Chuck was great, he was one of the only IT reps I have spoken with about this specific issue that didnt just jump to one assumption and blamed my ISP. he was very professional and friendly and he actually listened to the real situation. but the process for situations like this shouldnt take so ling. this matter took nearly 2 weeks to get resolved and all we really had to do is switch out the computer

There was nothing to discuss. The problem was apparently fixed over the weekend per email notice sent out company wide on Sun. 4/25/21.

my issue was never resolved.

.

I know Monday is a high call volume. Not sure if you already have more staff on this day but it is hard to work when you cannot get help on things that are critical.

na

Send directly to level 2 support when Adobe creative cloud doesnt install properly from the app portal.

It is not resolved

none, I have shared already

no resuelven la incidencia, no se nos indica que es lo que ha pasado al centro ni a la persona que abre la incidencia, y tienes que estar detrás de ellos para que te digan

No action taken

There are no next steps. We put it back on the agents side but due to their security measures it will not be resolved.

Next steps werent always clear, had to reach out multiple times with help desk members in order to fully understand what needed to be done

we need a better way to assist our at home agents quickly and not just have IT agents who blame the internet provider. I understand in most cases that can be the issue. but not all cases

Plazo de tiempo muy elevado y cierran incidencia sin comprobar con el usuario que esté realmente solucionada

called on 2nd day, on hold about 15 min, was disconnected. kept putting messages out on site.

Without any further direct contact,, I finally received an automated email this morning telling me that this issue was placed in Resolved status. The only Resolution note was Access granted. I did check and I again have access.

I dont necessarily expect that tomorrow trying to login will be any better since they couldnt tell me why the URL Ive been using for months wasnt working or when it would be again.

Same as other comment

na

required 3 transfers and/ or call backs long hold times 2 total hours to resolve

DE todas formas se cerro el caso sin resolución

Issue not resolved, no next steps given

I could have arrived at the next steps without having submitted a request. In fact, submitting a help desk request was my alternative to try again which is the next steps results of the incident.

I was able to reinstall ECM myself.

L2 support should be part of the call. It might be the second step of the support work, but end user should not be left with the experience of being abandoned. .

.

Follow-up reminder should be part of IT Service

Once the final instructions were provided to me after probably an hour of online chat, it was assumed that I was able to successfully resolve the issue myself, and my ticket was closed at that time. It was unclear to me what I would need to do if I was unable to resolve the issue myself (best way to reopen my recently closed ticket).

There was a ticket sent to get access, but I still cant access the documents in ExPRS.

ok

my solution was to get the document from someone else. iDM was not allowing an xlsm document to be opened in edge

No he recibido el soporte y aún no tengo el acceso solicitado.

.

see previous comments

No

This rating is not in any way reflection on Wendy Grant who dealt with my ticket, I an very happy with her help and support however the issue still not resolved due the current processes. The issue has come back to me due UK hardware team, it seems, have not, followed the process required to document the returned broken laptop. I am being asked to return an asset and I wasnt aware what it related to. My first point of contact was the UK hardware team, assuming it can only be the item I had returned as I dont have any other asset. They sent me an email asking me to raise a ticket.

Not Alexs fault but IT is failing on phone support. A claims adjuster CANNOT WAIT 2 days to have their phone fixed. That buying a blue cord thing is a joke too --- just dragged out the issue. I use my phone just fine with no blue cord. Telling my employee telephonics will NOT HELP until he stops everything, goes and buys one, when were all using our phones just fine without a blue cord is ridiculous.

see above

After 3rd Day of Calling IT due to Pulse Window popping open & losing LM Network, IT stated Resolved (3) times; Lost LM Network on Sunday & Turned Laptop off; Well see how it goes today, Monday

ticket closed but not solved

I havent heard anything back yet

I would hope level 1 could fix a problem in 30 min that a non IT person can fix in 3.

Failure to disclose solution/options that could have made the experience more pleasant.

There needs to be someone Live.

No clear next steps were relayed.

Issue hasnt been resolved, yet the ticket has been closed.

Resolution did not work even if we tried to delete and re-install Microsoft Teams.

m a

Supposedly it was getting addressed and escalated at first but nobody reached out for 2 weeks.

na

they didnt find the root cause of the problem, just put a Band-Aid

I know they trying .

Peter Donnelly was able to free the call

Creating the ticket and waiting for 2 days is not efficient. I would have rather called and had the problem resolved in 20 minutes on Monday. However, now when I call I wait 40+ minutes on hold, which I assume is intentional so staff is forced to use the hub/create a ticket. But, now I wait 2 days to have a simple problem resolved. Again, terrible customer service. If we treated our paying/external customers this way wed go out of business.

problem came back again, can you re-fix my istar?

no hubo nuevos pasos

There was no next steps

x

Not a good experience

Hopefully I can soon obtain access to the only program we have to provide sound engineering judgement on the protection of stored commodities and the loss expectancies due to fire.

The solution steps given to me were not at all what was needed to resolve the issue

No

Issue was not resolved the first time and ticket had to be reopened.

The problem is not fixed.

Sin solución

Took forever to get a response as this was a direct customer-related issue. When I did get a response it was a 3:45am EST. Upon seeing it the next morning, I responded and got nothing. I week later I had to call the helpdesk, wait on hold and finally get someone to assist who transferred it up to level 2. The then solved the issue in 3 minutes. In all, it took 3+ hours of my time to get someone from IT to help me with an issue FOR A CUSTOMER that took 3 minutes to fix. All the while the customer is contacting me regularly and blaming my department for this inconvenience.

Please refer to previous answers.

The problem still exists

Nothing was changed/updated to my number so nothing has happened.

Did not resolve the issue but rather ended up providing a work around.

Issue not resolved

Se solciita el fichero en excel para que la informacion salga sepasada en columnas, pero el fichero que envien tiene la informacion en formato TXT. Se les comenta y lo siguen eviando asi varias veces. Deben revisar el proceso para enviar la infomacion en excel separada por columnas porque no es la primera vez que pasa.

Access continued to fail. It appeared the update got stuck in LAP somehow and never actually made it to the VDI. 2nd call into the helpdesk, tech felt my IM was unresponsive, so he closed my ticket. I ended up requesting a new VDI and re-building it. This is probably more of an unhappiness and commentary of the VDIs rather than the helpdesk directly.

Had to resolve the issue myself because IT took too long to respond. Do not know if they would have been able to help given I fixed it myself

,

Next steps provided by HD didnt resolved issue

I was asked to contact the vendor, however, the issue is with our internal systems not being updated.

great job resolving the issue, just wish it could have been done sooner.

The agents who assisted me were very helpful and knowledgeable in what they were doing, but because Mutual of Omaha uses Microsoft 365 I wasnt able to open the encrypted message.

They could not resolve

Was just a brief anything else? would have appreciated a summary on the issue and that there shouldnt be a need for any next steps

The system is slow in general. No, it is NOT my wifi, other end users have complaints about slow reaction time with programs. We need to get our technology caught up with the number of people we have working from home.

No solution was given. They said I would just have to wait until the morning. Which does not help when I have legal documents to prepare.

and still my email address is wrong!! I filled in this survey just a minut ago and again it showed, at the end my wrong email address. It should be masha.kuijper@libertymutual.com and NOT masha.josephusjitta-kuijper.com. the last email was showed at the end of this survey

A few items were attempted in first meeting. Item was closed without next steps or solutions to the problem.

no solution has been provided

I was told my issue would be escalated to level 2 on 04/07, Never received a follow up. Next day on 04/08 I received and email from IT asking if I was still having the issue and I responded and never received any follow up after responding to email. On 04/09 I received an email stating that NICE was checked and they could see I was able to log into AAFD on 04/07 so they closed out my ticket. If nice was checked and call logs were checked they would be able to see that on 04/07 I was able to take calls for the first hour, my computer restarted as stated in the first call I made to HD and that is when I was unable to finish taking calls and that is when it got escalated. It definitely comes across that IT does not follow up, nor do they truly check on the actual issue. They close out tickets without responding back to the CSRs. I called 04/07, responded back on 04/08 and called back on 04/09. To have my ticket closed out because they could see I took calls for one hour PRIOR to the issue happening is completely ridiculous and unprofessional. I have called HD countless times for other issues and have never received such bad support/service until today. I am extremely disappointed.

I had to call back. Rep implied I was stupid and pushed me off the phone

.

I would really like for someone to contact me to discuss

Issue is password related with a vendor, and it is unacceptable for our position to be to just work with the vendor.

Leaving the ticket open for 30 minutes then closing it without resolution does help.

See prior response

There was no solution. Ticket was closed.

Its always a known issue or it will be escalated working overnight they might call us back but on IT business hours and not ours

Take time to read the full request. Dont try to pass off a ticket to another department to get rid of it, look for individual solutions for individual problems. We are not all cookie-cutter people or situations.

It would be nice to actually ask to log into the system, have a real conversation w/ the person on the other end so the translation of notes dont get lost. Seems like the level 2 just did not want to do that. Both ppl I dealt with so maybe thats your process. Was not helpful at all.

Just clearing cookies is not enough. Especially if you have to do it 3-5x per day. That is not normal - that is a sign of a bigger issue

The issue was fixed temporarily, but it back.

Got the order reversed, sorry. timeliness was OK

Working between the MyAssets group and the help desk was disjointed. Would prefer for a single point of contact to resolve the issue to completion

I didnt know what he was going to do with the information from there.

Once I repurchased Adobe, I got an extra email that told me to log in to Adobe. When I went to do that, I found out that I was logged in under a personal google account somehow and not with my enterprise ID. Once I signed out and signed back in with my enterprise ID everything worked normally. I wonder if that is all the issue was before and I repurchased something I didnt need to?

I am still having issues with my system updating all of the forced updates for the start up of the new laptop and have worked with 2 separate support members who wee very helpful but could not fully resolve my issue I have been raised to level 2 and awaiting help.

IT remoted in and downloaded the software a second time and Ive restarted the laptop several times over the last few days but Nuance Dragon is still not installed. :(

the rep i dealt with was very nice and did everything she could do to help me, but apparently, there is no solution to encrypted emails. we can send them but cant read the customers response. i put a 0 because there was no solution, not because the rep did anything wrong. KC says to call support if we cant open secure emails, but thats not right. Why do we send secure emails if the teams that receive them cannot view the response? no one on my team can view them, or the people on the other teams that deal with these emails. even the person who sent the original email could not view the response and we had to get the information through unsecure email.

They had me join a bridge call, but no one showed up, they did up IMing after the fact.

the issue was addressed

Basically, the first person could not help me and I had to call the help desk again and restart the entire process.

I still have the problem. All solutions so far have not worked

Very poor efficiency to resolve the problem

Problem still exists

when we have an agent calling us wanting something RIGHT NOW, it is hard to tell them I have submitted a ticket to get the policy released. Response time is a problem

My issue wasnt fixed

It would be nice to receive an estimated wait time when calling IT or to have the option for IT to call me due to a long wait time. Waiting 30 mins to talk to someone is a long time, especially on a Friday afternoon.

As mentioned earlier, efficiency on initial set up is slow

I was on hold a long time before an agent answered.

my level 2 support came 15 days after the issue began.

I would never have known the solution from the break fix team if I did not happen to call back looking for my incident number for follow up. They were supposed to call me and instead emailed me when I could not get emails. Not too efficient at all. My laptop was completely out of commission so resolution was urgent.

I would like to see a shorter wait time .

The wait time before being able to speak with someone was excruciating.

She completed a ticket before we even started with no summary and sent it to me like she wasnt going to help me anyways.

Very slow, It should be improved immediately.

I had to follow up 3 times to have an idea of what was going on. They cut my phone line today on 4/29 and I still have a work day on 4/30

Took some time to pinpoint the issue

could have been faster

.

IT Tech put in a service request to Konica Minolta and just a few minutes, Konica Minolta Tech called which they are really prompt when it comes to their service. Always great service from Konica Minolta.

Try asking about ability to get help which is getting more and more difficult. the new help hub is too inefficient

not really any timely follow-up or a real solution offered - work around had already been figured out, so basically just said to close out the request

Such request should be treated on priority

same as earlier comment

the solution seemed to take a very long time.

The solution has not been executed yet so it still to be seen if it works smoothly.

unable to fix but got it escalated

Well, unfortunately it doesnt appear that the issue has been fixed.

They had me repeat the request for access and it resulting in the same issue. It did not correct anything (and it was / is a few day process). Problem was elevated to level 2 and it was resolved within 5 minutes.

My call took 2 hours and 45 minutes during a work day.

Ticket was not assigned to the correct group/individual. Thus, it was delayed.

En mis textos del ticket indico que no solo hay que eliminar lote si no que hay errores en la póliza que hay que solucionar y NADIE me ha respondido... al final esta en manos de mi Jefe de Equipo a ver si puede hablar con el responsable de Informatica porque tenemos a un cliente insatisfecho por no poder modificar su póliza por problemas informáticos y después de 5 tikets para la misma póliza nadie me ayuda con la incidencia...

He needs to work on giving next steps and/or providing a solution to the IT issue

After calling twice about this same issue he didnt spend much time to help

He guided me in downloading Avaya, but it is saying that it may take until 10:45 am, which is a good portion of my work day.

Simply passing off a phone number doesnt solve the problem - it just kicks the can down the road and makes for a terrible customer experience.

I work on the phone for the company and although I was able to resolve my issue it took several days for anyone to contact me on a tier 2 problem. This not only affects me and my ability to work but it affect the company and our customers.

same problem as soon as we hung up. i am back on hold for another 15 min

I was unable to work my full 8 hour shift

Showed me how to fill out a JIRA ticket, so there was no resolution to the problem, but the rep was helpful and knowledgeable.

Timeliness - 1 hr on hold to be able to get assistance

It took a long time for the Rep. to reach out to me. I do understand that it was a busy morning.

I had to wait over an hour before I was connected. I am in sales. Liberty Mutual is losing money.

,

Recibi 4 email, incluido la encuesta y todavia no se soluciona el problema...... de verdad no entiendo nada.

no

took an hour to get in touch with someone......

takes to much time for anyone working from home. if office was not an option for me I would have been out of work for 2 weeks

The issue arose Fri. afternoon 4/23/21. I submitted a ticket at such time. No one contacted me directly until Mon. 4/26/21. A general company notice did get distributed late Fri. afternoon 4/23/21 after I struggled for a long time trying to get a fix for the problem while trying to do my legal work to review and post to Watson on Fri. 4/23/21. The following work day, Mon. 4/26/21, I had to review my work to confirm what did and did not get posted which set me behind for the day. No one contacts me until after 5 p.m. on Mon. An entire business day later to check if problem resolved.

none

none

My issue was never resolved.

.

I scored this low not because of Pamela but because I waited 45 minutes when it said I had a 15 minute wait. By the time I received resolution the meeting was ended so I wasnt able to see if the solution was going to resolve it the next time.

Took over a week to get solution

the wait time to speak to representative was much longer than expected. Issue resulted from a updated pushed to computers.

Waited for one hour on Friday to speak to someone. Wasnt able to do so, so called on Saturday. That person was unable to even understand issue.

It took me 53 minutes on hold to get someone to pick up, i was an hour late for my online class today. Once i did get Travis, he was fantastic. We cannot go on waiting an hour on hold for such a quick fix issue!

A hold time of over 30 minutes is not reasonable and creates a loss of efficiency.

I was on hold for a while, but once I was connected, the IT personnel was able to timely and efficiently help me with a solution.

I just feel this issue would have been solved faster, if it went directly to Level 2 support. It might have been resolved in a day, instead of 3 days that I wasnt able to do work. Once Level 2 support was involved it only took a little over an hour to fix and I was back to working 100%.

There was a long wait time before I was able to get someone on the phone.

He was too efficient I didnt get an actual resolution. I got a Band-Aid.

You are busy I get it, but help me resolve the issue so I dont call a second time. I am going the self service route now.

The response was very pleasant, however I was asked to submit an additional ticket for this to reach the correct group. Our current instructions are to submit these to the help desk. If we have other avenues to use I wish they would be made transparent to us so we dont waste time submitting to the incorrect group for assistance.

The timeliness was not a reflection of the technician on the line. It was in reference to the amount of time spent on hold. It was at least 20 minutes, I lost track of how long I was on hold.

Took too long and got a result from an in office co-worker

I was told that my resolution would be a couple hours at most, but it took them a day to respond. Im not mad about it because I took care of the situation myself, but it couldve cost me two sales.

no tardan mucho en cerrar la incidencia pero sin haberla resuelto

No solution given

It was not resolved. I really wish our IT personal could have talked directly to the agents IT person.

they closed my ticket before it was resolved. They emailed to say the made updates and I responded to say it wasnt resolved then I received an email confirmation that my ticket was resolved when it still isnt

I had to ask him to sign on to my computer as he was unable to walk me through the steps

this took a week for him to spend less than 10 minuets with me an the problem still exits

Plazo de tiempo muy elevado y cierran incidencia sin comprobar con el usuario que esté realmente solucionada

Still not fixed

After a couple unhelpful responses, she said she would escalate me to Level 3. I never heard from Level 3.

He was very quick. So I was able to get back to the customers. But he didnt TRY to resolve anything.

on the first day of being down, nothing done. found an email on the second day with a link that had nothing to do with my problem. kept putting messages out on the site to get help because I could not work.

It took 8 days to resolve this issue. I feel it could have been done more efficiently if it was properly diagnosed from the beginning.

While they gave me a old url to use to get past the immediate issue of not being able to login, they couldnt tell me why the URL Ive been using for months wasnt working or when it would be again.

Long wait

I thought the problem was addressed properly but the next morning found out I was given the totally wrong answer to my question

This IT system is cumbersome and difficult to navigate especially for new employees to LM. It would help if the training environment is already installed on our computers before they are issued to us.

required 3 transfers and/ or call backs long hold times 2 total hours to resolve

I had to contact someone else. I feel like I am getting the run around.

Entiendo lo de los tiempos pero yo tenía mi agenda ocupada hoy y le avise temprano

Issue not resolved

The response time of the level 2 support technician was within SLA. However, that is no less frustrating that I was blocked from being able to proceed with my work while this was unresolved.

ECM ended up not loading- so my problem was not fixed, however the technician did take the time with me and understood my issue and helped me problem solve. He did not stay on the line to make sure it was resolved. it was not. I was able to re-install ECM this morning myself, so I resolved the problem. i think there is going to be a lot of issues if the support desk goes strictly to online help, and not phone. I have tried to work out problems through email and it is not efficient regarding time, and also takes a lot longer to resolve issues.

The issue is still not resolved. I still cant access the documents. It still states I dont have access and I should.

There was no resolution or update or communication from the team - I just kept trying to open or restart the VDI machine my self every few minutes and finally a restart worked.

was ok

Was slower than usual response.

No he recibido el soporte y aún no tengo el acceso solicitado.

it took approximately 2 weeks to resolve the issue

Rogamos se deshitorifique el expediente 307860142

Again, no clear contact was made.

It took a month to fix my phone. I called to escalate the ticket because I was prevented from doing my work, but it didnt matter. Now my metrics for the month are low because I was not receiving phone calls and could not work my files.

see previous comments

Abri una incidencia sobre este tema y la cerraron sin solucionar, tuve que volverla abrir y ya esta vez por fin me la solucionaron

Several tier 1 technicians all did the same thing and were not able to solve the issue.

They seemed not to have an idea on how to help. Attempted to escalate the issue twice and it was denied.

The 15 minute wait estimate was actually 25 minutes.

The first level of help - the support rep (Kali) was incredibly personable and understood my problem. She was very helpful and knowledgeable and dedicated to trying to find a solution . Unfortunately, she could not resolve the problem with her tools. My only suggestion is that a little less time be spent on trying to find a initial solution before escalating the problem. Once escalated, I was sent to an office and then the problem was solved in about 5 minutes.

took more time than anticipated to hear from the second level person

It had to go to level 2 so it took 2 extra days. Not upset but did take longer.

took a week

ticket closed but not solved

I havent heard anything back yet

After 30 minutes of trying things it was escalated. After the call I googled the problem and used my husbands computer to fix it in 3 minutes.

I am still waiting to hear from someone to get my issue resolved.

Issues not handled in a timely manner

Too Slow.

Timeliness was fine. Response was timely.

Didnt resolve the issue because I didnt have time to reach out to all my coworkers to check on their phone service. I had a customer email me to request I call him as he had called an adjuster and myself and the phones were not being answered by the standard voice mail.

The next step was to complete a JIRA ticket, which I have not done yet. I am not sure why I need to complete another ticket in a different system.

tHEY WILL ASK WHAT THE BEST NUMBER TO CONTACT ME IN REGARDS TO ANY UPDATES TO ME SYSTEM SO I CAN KNOW IF I NEED TO DO ANYTHING ELSE, TROUBLESHOOT POSSBILITIES OR MOST IMPORTANTLY LET ME KNOW WHEN SOMETHING HAS BEEN RESOLVED. HOWEVER. THAT GOES MORE TOWARDS THE PEOPLE IN THE L2 DEPARTMENT, BUT THINK HD SHOULD BE BLE TO KNOW SOME INFO IN REGARDS TO IF THE TICKET HAS EVEB BEEN RECIEVED OR OPENED FROM THE L2 TEAM SO YOU CAN KNOW IF IT IS EVEN BEING WORKED ON YET,

It took longer than anticipated but I was happy w/ the resolution

I still cant access the Reinsurance screen.

I waited for the assigned IT to the time he provided 12:30 yesterday.

I just happened to get back in today , you did nothing to help me . It should make sense that if I cant log in dont email me w rsolutions. This should have been common sense to call

 tive feedback de encerramento ao fim de umas horas

It took 2 weeks to get a response, and its only because I called and emailed requesting an update. I think it was forgotten about.

I spent an hour when I first opened the ticket and the technician did lots of things and then said that I needed to call my internet provider (even tough I was able to get on the internet on my personal lap top) and then to call back and ask for the ticket to be escalated. I called the internet provider, they reset the connection, and then I called the help desk back. the next person I spoke with had a blank ticket, so the hour I spent with the first person none of it was documented. I kept having to say we already did that over and over until he got to the point where he was trying new things.

na

I was unable to get into citrix was told I was escalated to level 2 and would get a cb. I never recd a cb but was sent an email to advise that it was resolved, except it wasnt because I continued trying to get in every 15 minutes with no luck. Since the notice telling me to try again was sent to my work email (which I have no access to when I cant get into citrix) I had no idea that they were assuming it was fixed. When it is escalated and we are told we will get called at the number provided, a call is necessary.

Well it not solve yet.

IT tried their best but I was locked in the call for 17 hours so I have lost sales.

They worked hard to understand my issue, and find a way to resolve it. Appreciate them working through it until it was resolved. Thank you

I added my ticket on Monday and heard back from support on Wednesday late afternoon. In my opinion that is terrible customer service.

problem came back again, can you re-fix my istar?

El tiempo en solucionar la incidencia desde que me dijeron que estaba realizada la petición es mucho.

Any Test System issues are escalated and take a significant amount of time to resolve. Most of the time it is 48 hours or more because only a few individuals manage that system. These have significant training impacts and reduced speed to proficiency since learners cannot practice in the test environment.

Very educated people on their behavior.

no solution provided. just another ticket was raised

no esta resuelta la petición

mas de un mes en solucionarlo

when your phone is un operational 3-5 days is a long time. But lucky for me mine started working on its own.

There was no solution

Jumped to worst case scenario - complete reinstall before trying to fix. Had to reach out to Sr.

I felt as though I was just finding a solution or helping myself.

It appears the Do-It-Yourself structure of Liberty Mutual does more harm than good.

The issue has not stopped, improved or changed.

The level 1 people I talked to tried very hard to help me. When they kicked it up a level, I was not getting a response. It was by chance that I was scheduled to faciliatate a class that had people from technology in it. When I contacted them to tell them I may not be able to conduct the program because I could get into LM, one of them reached out to me to find out the problem. That person was the product owner of Zscaler and put me in direct contact with someone who could help me. They found a work around. The level 2 team did not reach out to me until 5 business days later. I would have been unable to work for 7 days if the product owner of Zscaler had not put me in direct contact with someone. That is just unacceptable.

nothing

I had to wait on hold for 52 minutes.

Issue was not resolved the first time and ticket had to be reopened.

I was very pleased with the person that helped but not with the wait time. I also had to call multiple times before I was able to get someone and tried to use the online product which was a disaster.

My issue was not resolved.

Sin solución

Took forever to get a response as this was a direct customer-related issue. When I did get a response it was a 3:45am EST. Upon seeing it the next morning, I responded and got nothing. I week later I had to call the helpdesk, wait on hold and finally get someone to assist who transferred it up to level 2. The then solved the issue in 3 minutes. In all, it took 3+ hours of my time to get someone from IT to help me with an issue FOR A CUSTOMER that took 3 minutes to fix. All the while the customer is contacting me regularly and blaming my department for this inconvenience.

As already noted in previous answers.

None of the solution worked. The problem still exists

It took a while to get to this state (2+ weeks) but nothing seems to have been done. the phone number wasnt changed so nothing has actually been done.

2 days to respond to submission. Then 1 week with no response to my reply so I had to follow-up myself.

Issue not resolved.

Se solciita el fichero en excel para que la informacion salga sepasada en columnas, pero el fichero que envien tiene la informacion en formato TXT. Se les comenta y lo siguen eviando asi varias veces. Deben revisar el proceso para enviar la infomacion en excel separada por columnas porque no es la primera vez que pasa.

Took too long for my ticket to be reviewed by level 2 person. Do not even know if they would have been able to help

I had the NorthStar issue for about a month and no one was able to help me. The only soultuion that worked was sending me the HP tower and Im no longer using Northstar

Tardaron casi tres semanas

It took 5 business days for someone to reach out to me. I called in the issue on a Friday afternoon and the Level 2 group called me back on the next Friday morning. After I had send a status update email reqiest a couple days before.

It took a bit too much time to be solved. After arrived to Alexandre it was efficiently solved.

It took way to long.. I has this problem originally on 4/2/21 and I just now got it resolved.

La incidencia estaba resuelta mucho antes de recibir el correo que lo decía y lo supe por haber probado antes si volvía a funcionar. Falta información más cercana,

on hold for 25 minutes before my call was answered

Didnt find resolution with the HD direction, sought it out on my own

I didnt ask for expediting, but it took close to 2 weeks for L2 to contact me, which felt a little long.

I waited on hold for 50-minutes

He was very helpful; it was just that there was a long wait for the process to be completed.

It was over an hour wait time just to get connected with someone. Took about 4 more hours for someone else in escalation to reach out to resolve the issue. He was able to solve very quickly.

The level 2 representative seemed to be very thorough and as efficient as possible solving the issue. There were a few techs that worked on the problem initially that could have made the process more efficient by escalating the ticket sooner. Thank you!

was on hold over 30 min

This was a known problem with the recent required update, but the the weekend IT support had no clue how to fix it. Had to escalate to level two. Cost me a full day of work and sales. Escalation team did resolve the issue in about an hour on Monday. You need to have IT work weekends that can resolve system issues.

They could not resolve

Waited on hold for ~45 minutes. Tried the online (robo chat?) support first, but was unsuccessful and found it frustrating so called the help desk. Always found a live person to be most effective and efficient in resolving issues.

Instead of fixing BLCC, you have the end user go to DMS?! BLCC is already slow so by pointing the end user to another system is another process. Maybe fix BLCC. This is not in any way against the IT person. He is very nice and understanding the issue.

I was told that there was no solution for fixing this issue because Legal Files is just unavailable between certain hours. However, my issue began before those hours. And I usually work very late and Ive never had this issue before. No solution was given.

and still my email address is wrong!! I filled in this survey just a minut ago and again it showed, at the end my wrong email address. It should be masha.kuijper@libertymutual.com and NOT masha.josephusjitta-kuijper.com. the last email was showed at the end of this survey

It has not been resolved and although I was told it would be followed up on, it has not

Had to call back because rep was not listening to my issue or willing to help me find a solution.

.

This has not been fixed and the ticket was closed we even reached out several times to IT to do a walk through to demonstrate what is happening and nobody ever got back to me and just closed the ticket advising different models come out at different times of the year. 2022 is getting ready to come out and the system is still changing the year of the vehicle switch is causing misquotes

n

calling in daily and spending 6 hours in a weeks time on the phone with the help desk was extremely frustrating. On this last call I requested my issues sent to a level 2 and was initially denied. Then I request to restart my computer and the issue was not fixed was when it was sent to level 2.

Issue is still outstanding, several days later. CB

Clearing cookies doesnt work for everything.

The issue has not been solved and I have not yet received confirmation it was escalated to the next level.

I received an email the next day, however it was only to tell me that they checked my Mailbox and everything was fine.

Next steps provided were wrong for my situation. I had to course correct myself

I am not satisfied with the solution efficiency. I replied back to my ticket because my issues were and are still continuing with CSW and no one gets back to me unless a manager or higher up is copied onto the email. I am still having unresolved issues and it is very frustrating to try and go about my every day process when the technology doesnt want to work at its 100%. Everyone was nice that tried to help but I am still seeing the same issues continuing and the responses back to my tickets are limited.

It was a larger issue that took FAR too long to resolve as band-aids were used as a solution. I had to work late nights and weekends because of system issues

The issue was fixed temporarily, but it back.

I was out of a phone for 75% of the first day then a couple hours the next day before resolution was made. Additionally I was on hold for about 15 minutes before reaching IT the first time.

It took several weeks to resolve which in my opinion is too long for an issue that is customer facing.

Unfortunately the issue is still not resolved. Still waiting on additional direction from MyAssets on next steps. Help desk performed the needed update but it has not resolved the issue.

I figured it out myself. After a week of not hearing anything, I just asked my boss to repurchase it for me. I made it VERY clear I use this application everyday and it is crucial given we are working from home.

longgggggg time wait

Matthew was extremely helpful and resourceful, however, I feel as if I spent more time on the phone, on hold for the Help Desk, than I spent for the entire call. Matthew was most excellent, and provided the best possible resolution, and he cant be faulted for the long hold time. He was perfect.

Stayed on hold for quite some time however the rep was very helpful and seemed concerned about my issue.

I would like an easier explanation for understand the problem.

10 minute wait for help

I 1st tried the Tech Help bot in Teams and had a horrible experience. Had to go to phone.

I was told the issue could not be escalated and that I should go directly to Zoom. I did that, and they were not helpful.

The issue ultimately resolved itself and was apparently a known issue.

The first person I spoke to did not solve my problem and that was after it took him a couple days to actually start trying to help me.

Complete waste of time. I still have the issue and it hasnt been resolved desipe me say it is urgent.

Not able to understand my issue because I reported this incident on 22nd April 21 and today is 30th April 21 and still I am not able to login on Oracle

Totally did not resolve the problem

I waited on support and luckily I mentioned this to a co-worker, Cliff Wood that has knowledge of all our operating systems and he fixed it for me.

My issue didnt not get resolved.

There are certain number of reports, systems which I needed access to, I needed to set up request IT and IT tickets. Set up for all access was requested prior my start date, yet 2 weeks in I still am waiting for complete access and I have dealt with 5 different IT personnel and I also had to reach out to other members of finance team to see if they could assist to no avail.

She wasnt getting past the warranty issue and was reading me the riot act that I needed to get a new device. That wasnt helping me in that moment.

My issue is still completely unresolved.

b

I felt like we were figuring out my issue together as opposed to her knowing exactly how to resolve the problem or go in my computer to take a better look.

Lack of knowledge.

no capacity

They did not understand the issue.

none

see above

The lack of understanding is not the fault of the tech services people. The problem was that the situation was complicated but there was not enough room in the incident description box to clearly outline the problem.

The ticket was escalated to the 2nd level to the wrong group (SharePoint). Three days after creating the ticket, I tracked down someone in the correct group to assist me. I was asked to change the assigned group, which I dont have access to do. But, once I found the correct individual/group, the ticket was resolved quickly and efficiently.

The person I spoke to did not seem well versed in this issue, clearly reading from a script and didnt have insight as to what I should do going forward other than talk to my manager

En mis textos del ticket indico que no solo hay que eliminar lote si no que hay errores en la póliza que hay que solucionar y NADIE me ha respondido... al final esta en manos de mi Jefe de Equipo a ver si puede hablar con el responsable de Informatica porque tenemos a un cliente insatisfecho por no poder modificar su póliza por problemas informáticos y después de 5 tikets para la misma póliza nadie me ayuda con la incidencia...

Didnt seem like he wanted to help much

He got snippy with me when I didnt know the version of Avaya - I had to repeat myself several times, I felt like he wasnt listening and was annoyed that I was even calling.

The person didnt seem to understand the problem or that fixing one specific claim would not resolve the much more pervasive issue.

Closing tickets as resolved without finding a solution is not professional

My issue was that I could not log into the VD. The support person sent me messages to my Teams and email - which I couldnt see because I couldnt log into the VD.

I had to wait over an hour before I was connected. I am in sales. Liberty Mutual is losing money.

Creo haber anexado documentación al caso, no perderé más tiempo en esto, lo siento.

Understood it but didnt have an answer and didnt bother to find an answer. Just gave told me to order the newest.

Again not taking the time to read the description and then assuming I am not smart enough to know that I have to take the caller off hold in order to continue the conversation.

Again not taking the time to read the description and then assuming I am not smart enough to know that I have to take the caller off hold in order to continue the conversation.

as above. - The person didnt resolve my issue, he was messaging me on teams at 12pm when I am in London. When i told him this he then said he would refer to their night team who never contacted me.

.

see above note

Nothing wrong with the support personnel. Simply disappointed theres no way to block or prevent a phone number from coming in.

Adobe creative cloud wouldnt install from the app portal. It took 3 days before I got it installed properly and before I was able to do any working using these programs. The first two level 1 support personnel just canceled the install and said to reorder the product. Every time I reordered the product, I had to get approvals. However, the installs never worked. On the second day when I contacted level 1 support a third time, I told the support contact that I didnt want to cancel and order/get approvals again. Finally, he sent my issue to level 2 support. It took another day (end of day 3) before I was contacted by level 2 support and they were able to fix the issue after an hour. It would have been better time spent for me if the issue was escaladed immediately to Level 2 support.

total waste of time dealing with this tech needs to listen better to be able to assist with the issue.

He cleared my cache and cookies something I had already done. My problem was not resolved. I was told to log in, it worked, we ended the call. Now I am getting this log in promoted for everything. I know it is not right. I should not have to log in like this when I am connected to the server.

This is an ongoing issue, but the scenarios are different. Please explain a bit more when I have reached the phase and I cant mitigate like others.

parece ser que solo es puntual, pero no es asi, ya que recibimos llamadas varias sobre la misma incidencia

medium

I honestly dont know if he understood the problem and how to correct it It really never got corrected therefore I cant send encrypted emails to this agency. I suppose the agents IT personnel will have to do something but I dont think they will as we just dont know how to fix the problem.

I did not reinstall the Citrix. I just tried restart and can launch the app.

they closed my ticket before it was resolved. They emailed to say the made updates and I responded to say it wasnt resolved then I received an email confirmation that my ticket was resolved when it still isnt

Never received a call, just over the system. He may have thought he understood the issue but obviously did not as the issue was not resolved.

didnt listen. just blamed my provider. did a speed test online and blamed latency. which has already been corrected. issue still exists

Plazo de tiempo muy elevado y cierran incidencia sin comprobar con el usuario que esté realmente solucionada

Navigator will not send EMS Program vendor assignment to Xact

I had a problem opening existing quotes, not new quotes. She was focused on the fact that there was no technical issue in opening new quotes, which was not my problem.

Seemed very disinterested. Said if no-one else was having problems there was nothing he could do but delete my cookies.

the person I talked to today understood what the problem was. it just took time to get it corrected.

The first solution presented to me was CCO - How to request access/modify access. That did not apply because I was already given access years ago. All I wanted was to have someone find out why the access was lost and to restore it.

Even though I explained the problem I was having (cant even reach the page to login), they didnt seem to understand that I couldnt see my VDEs since I couldnt login at all. I had to show them.

He didnt even try!!!! TO dismiss me and then contact me later to state that the he thinks he located the answer to the issue that I am having is unaceptable

They were not able to resolve my issue. I had to contact another person to get access to something when none of my other colleagues were having the issue.

Se cerro caso sin resolución

Issue not resolved

They understood and escalated it

My issue was closed without actually being resolved with more than try again advice. Interactions demonstrate that the representative did not actually understand my explanation of the issue I encountered.

Provided a workaround. But no follow-up on solving the root cause. My Zcalar Private Access function still does not work.

unable to log into ccms with a different account.

This was via the online chat on the iTicket submit incident page. Some of the RA help articles did not fit my use case exactly, and when the ITHD agent provided steps for me to do, they were often misinterpreted because the agent assumed that I knew which laptop she was referring to (new vs. old). This caused some delays and rework on my end.

was ok, they understand the issue

Wanted to find out if break out rooms were available in Teams and was told, no. Yes they are.

The person was accusatory to my situation, not very helpful the time it took for them to get back to me was not acceptable, and we missed the compliance date

I cant tell if the issue was understood. There was no discussion

No he recibido el soporte y aún no tengo el acceso solicitado.

.

Didnt take much time to troubleshoot my actual issue, but instead told me things about WIFI connection etc that werent an issue. Advised me that I need to use a plantronics headset, which even my wired headset is Jabra and has no issues

Very slow response from tier 2

Advised to wait 1-2 days for access. I had already waited 2 days and still did not have access. The ticket had to be escalated. The next person advised I would need a new laptop and to speak with someone the following week. The third person advised this was incorrect and worked promptly to restore my access. Total time to get into network was 5.5 days.

My co-workers are able to open adobe in Chrome which is what Surety uses for our applications. She could not figure out how I can open Adobe except in internet explorer.

Again, the first person did not understand the issue and closed my ticket! The second person reached out to me through the ticket and provided a number that I was able to call back on via my personal phone and worked through the issue.

see above

I was specific in my initial request on what needed to be done and I was sent a set of instructions that had nothing to do with my issue. I had to specifically request an agent and I had to basically show her what needed to be done. It was a simple request that took 3 minutes and could of been resolved same day if the time was taken out to understand what the request was asking.

ticket closed but solved

sigo sin disponer de la aplicación

No followup or response from support until weeks later and thats after the issue has already been resolved.

I have not yet heard anything back regarding this request.

At one point I was told to bring up the internet. I called because I could connect onto the internet.

The issue is still ongoing.

Failure to recognized the urgency of the issue and failed to disclose solution/options that could have made the experience more pleasant.

If you want to have the Chat Function, then there needs to be available personnel to answer the Chats Live.

Phone issues and connection issues seemed to be an area that the support personnel was not trained in or did not understand or explain to me clearly. It was frustrating speaking to the person who was supposed to help me

I am still not able to access the Reinsurance screen for GWL Realty. The issue hasnt been resolved, however the ticket has been closed. This sets me back to the beginning line with a lot of time waisted. This is a high volume account and we cannot afford to not have PW function correctly. Please help correct the issue. Thanks.

The issue has not been resolved and keep on saying it must be working in good condition. Upon checking, I still cannot make any selection using the dial pad. Please resolve this as this will affect my communication to Lien Holders.

You closed my ticket without even speaking to me. You sent me an email Tuesday afternoon instead of calling me, if I cant log in how can I read the email , and then you closed it because I didnt respond

mais conhecimentos e empatia

na

Well Im still having issue with trying to get into the issue. So it still being solve.

La persona que atendió mi petición fué muy amable y dispuesta pero el mapeo de la carpeta y la gestión de mis permisos ha tardado 3 días sin poder acceder a mis ficheros. Me parece mucho tiempo.

La petición no ha sido resuelta

según la chica no era posible echar atrás un movimiento en insure

They didnt do anything to resolve the premium.

Wasnt very knowledgeable.

Did not communicate very well.

Back in December 2020 I noticed the SprinkCalc III program was removed from my computer without warning. Over the past 3-4months, Tier 1 has worked extremely hard to re-install Tyco Fire Products SprinkCALC III 3.2.20.270 & Tyco Fire Products SprinkCalc Intel Driver files from the Liberty Application Portal. This effort has been delegated back and forth between Tier 1 & Tier 2 multiple times without success. On multiple occasions my direct managers were notified, our Product team was notified, and only until I contacted the Manager of Property Risk Engineering directly, did anyone in our organization take note. Without applying retention policies to Liberty Application Portal emails automatically received, my records indicate I have been requesting assistance on Feb 7., Feb. 8, Mar 13, Mar 14, Mar 16, Apr 9, and Apr 13. It has been discovered that my ability to download an approved program from the Liberty Application Portal has been blocked. I guess my question is, why? Why was this program removed from my computer in the first place? Who is responsible for making this decision without warning? Will this affect my OSPE & VIP or the individual(s) responsible?

The issue is not resolved even though the ticket was closed.

as of now NOthing

Super Fast!

He didnt know how to do what I was asking. He reached out to another IT person. While he was waiting, I found some notes from the previous time the IT dept. helped me with a similar problem and I shared that with him and he was able to fix it.

The issue is with my computer, not the website I need to use.

Sin solución

Took forever to get a response as this was a direct customer-related issue. When I did get a response it was a 3:45am EST. Upon seeing it the next morning, I responded and got nothing. I week later I had to call the helpdesk, wait on hold and finally get someone to assist who transferred it up to level 2. The then solved the issue in 3 minutes. In all, it took 3+ hours of my time to get someone from IT to help me with an issue FOR A CUSTOMER that took 3 minutes to fix. All the while the customer is contacting me regularly and blaming my department for this inconvenience.

As noted above, there appeared to be a distinct lack of appreciation for the sever impact the delay of not having a replacement laptop was having on my ability to effectively carry out my work, which also impacts GWP/clients etc. I managed by using my mobile device and with the support of my underwriter colleagues, but that it not the point.

The ticket was resolved with NOTHING done. the phone number was not changed to prevent spam calls that have been occurring for over a month now. Whoever worked the issue didnt understand the issue because the request was to provision a new phone number to avoid the calls from happening. If the number is the same theyll continue.

My issue was described in detail when submitted but personnel responded as if I didnt provide details and then didnt respond timely.

I have called in several times regarding the same issue and it is marked resoled when not resolved.

I have no idea if this issue has been resolved for our Safeco agent. I received an email that this was being worked on but nothing since.

Se solciita el fichero en excel para que la informacion salga sepasada en columnas, pero el fichero que envien tiene la informacion en formato TXT. Se les comenta y lo siguen eviando asi varias veces. Deben revisar el proceso para enviar la infomacion en excel separada por columnas porque no es la primera vez que pasa.

Raised an issue but the first person was not able to help. Issue was raised to higher level but took a few days to hear a response. Ended up solving the issue myself a few days before level 2 person contacted me.

my problem is a known issue - the computer cannot locate wireless server. If this is a know issue, why didnt they fix my new computer before sending it to me?

L1 should have asked whether power was plugged into the correct port

2nd call to agent ended up resolving issue, in a sense

They couldnt solve it, I have to call the Travel desk to resolve

icem

I dont have full visibility in ability to understand your issue. After 40 minutes of doing various tasks with Excel, I had to request to break the tech help session to attend a previously scheduled meeting. The item was closed the next day without resolution.

This ticket has not been resolved. I have sent feedback saying it is unresolved and I got a survey instead. I need to be able to access my peoples information, but nobody can help me. T

The rep asked me information that I was never given, regarding the original setup email and he didnt understand that when I mentioned that the information was not there. I called in and he was able to log into Avaya really quick and see the issue and refresh it and get me back up and running.

Listen before you jump to conclusions and imply I am stupid.

I called for Password help for PASSPORT. Was told Level 1 cannot help and had to escalate to Level 2....Why is level 1 answering the que for Password Support if they cannot be of any assistance??

.

This was closed and nothing was fixed. CFA is changing the year of the vehicle when we input 2021 on the Niss

the problem is not fixed, they just told me to get back to them if it happens again

It is very frustrating that I had spend close to 6 hours on the phone with the help desk and only by my urging did this get sent to a level 2 to fix the issue. I was actually told that if the level one fixs the issue then level 2 would not look at it. I responded that the issue was not fixed, and I requested to restart the computer and the issue was not fixed. I called Mon, Wednesday, Thursday and Friday. I lost a lot of time this week on computer issues.

Asked me to restate the issue described in the ticket. Asked me to provide information that was included in the original ticket.

The issue wasnt resolve.

I opened the ticket stating that any email I send with an attachment ends up going to drafts, instead of actually sending. The email responses I got from the assigned agent were just reassuring me everything is fine, when it is not yet been corrected.

Orion is just another enigma that is always having updates and maintenance really makes it hard to do our jobs and when there is an issue the answer we always get its a known issue

They read through the request too quickly and didnt see my full unique problem. Tried to fit a square peg into a round hole.

good response

The problem was solved but not very timely (its been weeks and this was impacting the customers) and we didnt receive any information about what caused it.

There was a misunderstanding with the issue. Advised it wasnt a system issue but a specific issue with a quote and it took a while to relay this message and let agent know I didnt need to restart the computer as this was just down prior to calling.

There were several back and forth conversations that took place. One part of the request was handle timely and accurately, but I didnt resolution to 2nd part of request, other than uninstalling outlook and reinstalling which I dont think is the best option. I have not had to do that before.

issue was addressed weeks after issue was reported to IT help desk

I didnt get to interact with anyone regarding this issue. It was marked resolved despite it being a known outage

They were not able to help me. They just wanted to send me documents that I had already saw or that I could not understand. This is not the type of help that I reached out for.

No changes are needed taking into account the good service I received. However recommend it to a colleague? A strange question - I dont envisage this scenario occurring as what choice is there to completing such a task?

Sort out the way AO is delivered. There are two version on the software centre with slightly different names; there should be one. And the descriptions should be better. Also level 1 staff should understand that anything to do with SAP is sent to level 2 immediately if there is an issue. It would also help if the US based staff understood that the UK based staff have different working hours so that a call at 20.00 uk time is pointless.

At least send an email to user regarding what IT dept is doing to resolve the issue

Actually reach out to the user to determine the problem and not just give a general answer that does not work. Clearing cookies does not solve all technical issues.

address the issue in a timely manner, I still have one pending on another ticket...

Mine was wonderful but some that I have spoke to were not as nice.

Make sure that the issue gets resolved.

The wait time was 16-17 minutes.

Less time on hold prior to speaking to someone.

Especially for completely new set ups, either the laptops can be set up with the appropriate software before sending out, then the only thing that needs to be organised is username and passwords. Or the initial set up can be completed by 1 IT person and not several.

Be helpful instead of rude and unprofessional when I explained we couldnt get new computers and she wanted to continue talking about it.

Actual follow through to the end of the issue and permission to close the ticket would be lovely

bye

Keep the 800 live.

Tier 1 being able to resolve issues.

.

understand

They should have reached out to me to address the issue that I was experiencing.

stop the constant changes made to contacting the help desk.

no, really just if they had timely tried to figure out the issue or provided feedback

Fixing my computer issues

Promptness

try to research the problem, he gave the impression of not caring much.

Just listen, dont jump to conclusions before hearing the whole problem.

The first few times I called regarding my audio issue the agents were not very helpful and didnt know how to solve my audio. Shannon was really smart and solved the issue very fast

En mis textos del ticket indico que no solo hay que eliminar lote si no que hay errores en la póliza que hay que solucionar y NADIE me ha respondido... al final esta en manos de mi Jefe de Equipo a ver si puede hablar con el responsable de Informatica porque tenemos a un cliente insatisfecho por no poder modificar su póliza por problemas informáticos y después de 5 tikets para la misma póliza nadie me ayuda con la incidencia...

Be more professional and helpful

I dont know if this rep was having a bad day, or if he just has a bad attitude, so answering this question is difficult

Taken the time to understand how large the problem is, taken ownership to resolve it, and re-assigned the closed claims. With bulk-reassign I imagine it would only have taken a few minutes to resolve vs. me continuing to get calls on them, locate someone in claims, transfer the call, etc. etc.

not waiting so long and making sure problem resolved

Some people are more proficient with technology than others - please understand that.

Better support needed. Unresolved issues should be kept open until solved.

Less hold time and faster fix time

I had to wait over an hour before I was connected. I am in sales. Liberty Mutual is losing money.

.

Resolver a tiempo y menos correos sin valor (recepcion de solicitud, encuesta etc.) y enfocarse en resolver el problema

no

be more realistic with wait times, better call back system

quicker response time for agents who can not work

Timeliness of response to escalated requests.

It is very frustrating to keep trying to post with no notice for a couple of hours that it is a system wide problem and then no one contacts me until more than one full business day later. There needs to be much faster response and fix time.

Read the description before asking the same question already provided, be more polite

Read the description before asking the same question already provided, be more polite

team consistency.

.

Atleast we need a call after lodging a request

long lag time to get to someone

Mason was great and helped fixed the problem. My feedback is for the chat functionality - if I dont have access to the network there is no way to utilize the tech hub. I also tried to utilize the tech hub when I did have network access briefly and asked for a call back because I was having network issues. The chat closed out after I had been in the que for 30-40 minutes and I lost my place in line. It would be better to be able to add yourself to the que for a call back and not have to leave the chat open for your place in line. Also the wait times were really long to talk to someone on the phone. When you dont have access to the network, spending a full day trying to get help isnt a great experience.

Wait time was almost 45 minutes

I am a person that will use the HD search to identify and resolve my problem quickly. I wish it was easier to search and to narrow down the issue.

I sent the error message through. I also followed all of the steps that was recommended in the first email. Yet, the first person that contacted me had me go through all of these items again.

Mason was great and helped fixed the problem. My feedback is for the chat functionality - if I dont have access to the network there is no way to utilize the tech hub. I also tried to utilize the tech hub when I did have network access briefly and asked for a call back because I was having network issues. The chat closed out after I had been in the que for 30-40 minutes and I lost my place in line. It would be better to be able to add yourself to the que for a call back and not have to leave the chat open for your place in line. Also the wait times were really long to talk to someone on the phone. When you dont have access to the network, spending a full day trying to get help isnt a great experience.

 tech needs to listen better to be able to assist with the issue.

Dont rush me off and make me feel silly for calling. It is clearly something bigger then my cache and cookies.

thats your job

Be able to fix the problem when I call. Not send me an email that the problem has been resolved when it has not

Focused issue resolution, actually help me isolate versus this is the same issue everyone is having canned response.

For starters, stop the automated message that says, without saying it, that you dont want us to call. Telling me that the number Ive been calling for over 6 years when I need a human interaction to solve the problem is going to be disconnected in the coming months with no hint at there being an alternate number to call is terrible customer service. Its saying that you know whats best for me in how I resolve my technology problem and my desire as the customer is irrelevant. Go look at our web site where you can spend an endless time trying to figure out your problem on your own. Youre telling us your time is more important than ours and you dont want to be bothered by us.

atención mas personalizada

First I was not reached out in email, Even if they tried and unable to reach me means they might tried EMAIL option

I really wish our IT would have been able to talk directly to the agents IT so they could see if there is a resolution to this problem

Around 4-5 different individuals reached out to me via email or Teams regarding this issue, all checking in on the request/next steps. I appreciate everyone being willing to help, but it was a little confusing/complicated to have so many individuals reaching out to me.

The techs should realize not everyone understands computers that is the reason they need to call IT support for assistance.

It would be nice to speak to someone directly on the first call to get the issue resolved. The second tier may be knowledgeable but if you cannot speak directly with the person you are trying to help resolve the issue, then why have a second tier.

Plazo de tiempo muy elevado y cierran incidencia sin comprobar con el usuario que esté realmente solucionada

They would have to actually address the problem. Or at the least tell me that it cant be fixed. Instead, she basically told me that everything is fine because something else was working correctly. Something that had nothing to do with my issue. Then she told me that I would hear from Level 3, and I never heard from them.

Give tips on how to succeed without having to call. Do something other than Basic clearance

we only call the help desk if we cant get it corrected ourselves with a restart or suggestions from coworkers. the help desk takes too long to respond. I just spend 2 days not being able to do the most important part of my job because a monitor wasnt working.

This is a strange question to ask when you consider the fact that we have no other choice for IT support. How can we possibly recommend the organization either favorably or unfavorably when it is our only choice?

I had a single problem and I had to discuss the issues with at least 4 people until the last person I dealt with could help me and resolved the issue very clearly and concisely and walked me through the steps. I believe his name was Derek. Somehow there must be an easier way to get to the heart of technology issues more quickly and efficiently.

Get issue resolved before closing the ticket.

Se podría agendar y avisar cuando te atenderán casos especiales, es especial al área comercial

Escalate issues if not aware of how to fix

Better communication because it took a week or almost a week to reach out to me

Address language and time zone obstacles.

more interaction directly (over the phone) vs trying to automate it.

train the staff with real knowledge, the script should be just guidance.

less hold time

Direct contact details of support engineer should be made available to customers for follow-ups

A way to follow-up with the user to confirm that the instructions successfully resolved my issue (instead of assuming). I understand this would be more overhead on ITHD, but it would definitely be a nicety for the user. Or perhaps send a follow-up email automatically within a few hours to me - I could click YES if I my issues were resolved, or NO if my issues still persisted and I needed more help from ITHD. Thank you!

Resolve the issue.

Communicate and provide updates in a more timely manner

more training to the Support team

.

Timeliness is key

Attempt to resolve the actual issue and not just fall back on to how to guides

More timely Tier 2 follow up on escelations

My rating is reflection of current process where I have been chased for something I have no control over, i.e. the failure some where to document the return of the laptop.

This was the third time I tried to get access to download software using RequestIT. Interestingly enough the previous Help Desk calls were not as productive because they just wanted to give me a link and move on. For this call, Jen Ashcraft hear my concern as not being able to download the software when LM spent $500 to rent equipment and I would not be able to download the data after the assessment which negatively impacts the customer end result. Jen went over and above to try to help me resolve my issue. I do not often find that type of empathy and commitment from the help desk . To escalate the issue which could take 5 days would not have resolved this in time. Note that I tried to initiate this process a week ago--but the Request IT system is no longer flexible (as it had been in the past) for field people such as myself and will rescind administrator privileges after 24 hours which is unreasonable when we do not reside in an office.

Hire more people in telephony and give up the blue cord myth.

More technicians available.

Quicker response

Follow up with customer. Even if support org doesnt have time to service the ticket yet, at give the ticket submitter an SLA.

I always have good experiences when I call in, but I tried the im option via teams for this request. to date, Ive not heard anything back yet.

There must be a direct contact number of a person to discuss & understood him the actual issue and resolution.

They would need to actually fix the issue and do it faster

Have a sense of urgency and properly disclose options so agent and customer can make a sound decision

be more Efficient.

what I disliked the most was that it was handled through a Teams chat. When I asked if it could be done via phone, it was just advised to share my screen. I personally do not like working through issues through chat. I did not find it effective or efficient.

IT support personnel need to be trained in phone issues. It sounded like those issues are handled by another team. All phone and computer issues should be handled by the same team in my opinion. Its frustrating to have to go to different units to get my issue fixed and there should be more guidance on this.

We have no other options so that question is moot. Usually my issues are handled timely and resolved quickly. This issue was the fist time I was told that I would have to do more ground work for them to look into the problem. That is not my job. I bubbled it up to my manager

resolve in a timely manner.

Theres no way you even looked at the ticket if you emailed me instead of calling

mias interesse e empatia com os problemas

The language is a problem

faster response to issues resulting in financial and service delays

reduce the waiting time

more timely responses and less field work in this case.

Call back within a reasonable amount of time. Not have to wait on hold for than 20 minutes to talk to a person.

problem came back again, can you re-fix my istar?

unfortunately I had to call in 3 times to get an agent to work with. The first agent took my info including my call back number and then the phone disconnected. I did not receive a call back and I received an email update that my case was closed. When I did get in touch with an agent she was excellent and helped me get my new replacement laptop up and running. The process for replacement laptops needs to be updated to reflect the need to call the HD for support, I had to take extra steps to get it online and from the directions that ship it is written as though it should just work and that is far from the case.

ability to provide adequate solutions on a timely basis

en primer lugar, no tenernos sin contestar nada en semanas, no indicarnos de entrada que hay cosas que no se pueden hacer ser mas eficientes, luego hay gente encantandora, pero al externalizarse todo, el servicio es peor, lento y dificultoso

no contact for several days to see if my problem was resolved

Actually fix what the IT tickets are for.

Respond to people during their business hours before closing a ticket within 24 hours

Better training.

To be more prepared. If not able to help maybe forward to another co-worker or advisor.

Find out whos responsible and make it right.

Well.. this question really does not make sense.. our only option is to go to IT.. Also, while the the assist was great.. my issue was not resolve. They just told me to ignore the incorrect information. Honestly.. IT should be doing a better job than that. I dont want to see wrong info on my My Liberty Home Page every day with the fix.. being just ignore it.

an actual solution to my problem. Recently it seems the biggest interest is just to close a ticket.

Normally, I am a big champion of the IT support organization, but this really upset me. I promise that I do not see it as a reflection of the whole organization, but there was definitely a glitch somewhere around this one.

nothing

have enough staff to reduce wait time

Hold times can be ridiculous. More agents available. Frustrated that they continue to push online forms and waiting for answers. When you cant access anything, time is critical and you need to speak with someone, not wait 24 hours for a response to an online form, or searching for answers.

Taking the time to truly understand the issue and then fix the problem.

Tiempo de respuesta

More timely, faster responses especially if the matter is directly related to a customer need. Too much of a disconnect between trying to use the online platforms and getting the problem to a person who can solve the issue. Wait times are much longer than they use to be. This should have taken 5 minutes total to resolve. Instead took 2 weeks, multiple complaints from the customer, and hours out of my work day to fix a process I had no control over.

Deal with this type of serious issue as a priority. Offer alternative solutions in the interim. Respond to emails from the person impacted in a timely way.

They should provide a working solution before closing the ticket

I dont know how you could solve for the issues related to this ticket. Maybe helping the individual working it understand how the TEAMS phone numbers are used by the organization and providing training on resolving SPAM phone calls. I cant imagine im the only one that has had this issue.

Require personnel to communicate from email box that can be responded to. Require personnel to respond timely. Train staff on courteous customer service skills.

Dont change the ticket to resolved status when the issue is still not resolved.

Necesitan formacion.

Quicker responses and movements from level 1 to level 2. If an issue reaches level 2 its usually business critical in my eyes so why did it take 5+ days to go from one to the other...

Shorten the wait time (I waited for around 40 minutes to speak to someone)

quicker response time; fix the known issue before the new laptop was sent to me

Actually be able to solve a critical problem.

Offer services for all programs 24/7 for emergencies like this

Listen more carefully to the initial question or rquired changes to be made..... still my email address is wrong!! I filled in this survey just a minut ago and again it showed, at the end my wrong email address. It should be masha.kuijper@libertymutual.com and NOT masha.josephusjitta-kuijper.com. the last email was showed at the end of this survey

IT support would be great

Every single time I call out to IT the first question they ask me is what is a good contact number for you? I provide the best contact number every single time. I understand that they will email first as a follow up, but if a response is not received on ITs end by email then the next source of contact should be by call and not just a closed out ticket because they cant reach you by email.

friendliness or honestly caring about my tech issue.

.

for my problem to actually be diagnosed and fixed, this has been ongoing for months with no resolution

fix the problem the first time. each time u get a different person who is very nice but probably concerned with an immediate fix, not an over all fix, and getting to the next person with an issue. I also waited up to 40 minutes to speak with someone. T

the only person in the IT dept that is extremely helpful and efficient is Alex Jamison. He seems to know how to fix any issues

Read and understand the information provided in the original ticket. Avoid unnecessary communications - only reach out if additional information is required, or something was unclear.

Make the process smoother, more efficient. Less time consuming.

confirm that someone will eventually try to fix the issue. I know they have 5 days to respond, but it would be nice to have confirmation that the initial IT person actually did what was needed to escalate.

Correcting the issue or giving feedback on steps needed to correct the issue.

I was on hold for 30 mins waiting on someone to help. Once the call was answered, the tech knew what to do and it was resolved quickly.

We should have one platform for every essues

The recommendation to others question is silly. We dont have a choice when we have a tech issue. We have to go to IT support regardless if we want to recommend or not.

Just really reach out to help with the problem. Your level 1 helped more than the escalated group. Again, nothing personal with the individuals. The conversations are in teams. The 1st person, I really didnt feel helped but brushed off. Not reflect the ppl involved; I think it is more of a process. Seem like they were determine to only respond via notes in Teams v. trying to actually discuss my problems

If their track record of fixing things was better, maybe. The people are nice - but the effectiveness is in question

Its a moot question when there are no other options.

Its a moot question when there are no other options.

This time I used the chat feature to connect to IT. I didnt like it. I think talking over the phone is a more effective way to convey the issue at the hand and get a resolution. However, the wait time to talk to someone can be long (that has been my experience), so thats why I used the chat feature. I didnt have to wait long to get someone to respond to my chat request, but I didnt like the experience that much.

For adjusters our phone is our life line and when it is not working we are unable to work. I believe this type of issue should be resolvable within an hour not days. Working with a sense of urgency to get us back online to help our customers as fast as possible would be ideal. Both members of IT were very professional and did everything they could to get me going again just wish the process did not have so many hoops and I wish it was faster :) Thank you!

Call people, speak to them. It is hard for non-tech employees to communicate our tech issues through typing alone and reading directions in some cases. I really miss the human touch with the IT department. I only used the website to initiate my ticket instead of calling in to start with because I was told it would save time. It definitely did not do save me any time.

