Spenser Cameron set up me and assisted with most of my IT issues. He was exceptional in trying to assist a newcomer on new systems.

the second consultant was awesome and did all the appropriate follow up as well as letting me know the break fix consultants suggestion since I could not receive emails. She was the best.

support personnel was helpful and patient with issue I was having

fast service.

Greeting was robotic, however loosened up as the conversation went on.

she was friendly and knowledgeable

Very professional and was immediately able to point me in right direction. I appreciate the fact that even though my request wasn’t within Travis’s scope. He cared and showed an interest to try and help me.

Tech help was great.

Thats Good to talk.

Very fast and efficient service that was dealt with professionally

The email offering a solution was friendly in tone.

Good

She was very helpful

Everything is good

The support representatives were courteous and professional at all times.

Pleasant mannerism

They were courteous

Rep knew exactly what I needed and provided information required.

Patient and courteous

While pleasant. He helped me with the problem, and thats what I needed.

Everyone was very capable and friendly.

Helpful and accommodated teams call to help try to resolve issue.

Professional

She helped with my issue. Thanks for that.

They were supportive and tried to solve the issue

The Chat box was very efficient. Limited waiting time. Dan was very helpful and did a good job of checking for understanding of the computer opportunity that I was experiencing.

He seemed a little flustered, but was friendly enough.

Tech provided support needed and even gave follow up call to ensure problem was resolved.

The initial guy was nice

personnel was professional

friendly and helpful, thanks!

The first consultant mentioned that I might need a new laptop and they were correct so their mentioning that was helpful and prompted me to do a follow up call when I had not heard from the escalation team in hours. This was lucky since the resolution was a new laptop and we were able to get it ordered Friday rather than waiting over the weekend and losing more time.

When the current team couldnt figure it out they asked another team member for assistance and he knew exactly what to do.

the new mobile number was done

Although my issue hasn’t been completed resolved since it’s related to HR systems, Travis looked for the appropriate contacts who can help me.

The recommendation was to use a wired connection, which worked for a few hours but then the issues have returned. I reached back out to the agent and he told me it was a known issue and that they were working on it.

The support rep was great. The fix for my problem was to download in Safari browser rather than Chrome. This should have been indicated in the instructions!

Successfully resolved within time. Good Work!

I will call IT back to rectify the problem.

I wont really know for a few weeks. It was a recurring problem. Lets see if it happens again.

good

good

Thank you

Though many suitable solutions have been tested, 

clear next steps were provided

Mais rapidez e agilidade.

Really support team is very helpful for us .

Solution worked, thanks!

big picture of the problem

THANK YOU for handling my concerns personally and understanding them. The experience on this ticket made a previously stressful and detrimental experience much better. On the SMS app specifically -- If you arent going to solve the refresh issue, just put a banner up there so we know :) Thanks again to all who helped on this ticket.

The software updates were useful,

IT support was very professional

Much easier to speak on the phone.

Estuvo bien

she immediately knew what to do

Patrick Moran was extremely knowledgeable and helpful. He was Tier 2. I wished I could have started with him.

Using a personal printer is not a very practical solution as wireless capability gets knocked out each time I use from work laptop. While not ideal, is a short term solution.

Very timely and prompt help

Tech was extremely patient and determined to find solution and was very friendly and interactive while seeking a solution. Tech was very understanding and receptive to my explanation of problem and worked through to getting a resolution which he did and I was very appreciative.

Team did a great job, just took a bit to push, which I suspect is part of the process.

The solution was simply a re-start, which I could have done on my own.

Marge seemed to be a bit new or at least to this issue but she went through all the steps needed and she got the issue resolved. She was extremely professional and courteous and helpful. Very good job - AS ALWAYS by the LM Help Desk. They ae the best of anywhere I have worked.

The white screen condition(504) timeout was in addition to my agencies ongoing issues. Yesterday was a solid issue amongst many users, not just my group… so the fix last night to clean up the 504 timeout has worked.

The fix needed to go to a higher level

I was in queue for about 10 minutes before 6Am

Good way to tackle the issue

good

a much needed fix to perform my job. appreciated the timely effort

Not particular tie to this ticket only. I have called help desk 8 times regarding to Zcalar issue. Everyone was nice and try to help,

Rep was wonderful and extremely helpful, only downside of the experience was a bit of a wait to get someone on the line.

took a little while for a response but once the agent responded the problem was resolved promptly.

the issue was resolved the following day (4/4)

Solution was just to wait it out which is somewhat unsatisfying, though it did work.

The issue had to be escalated as he was unable to enable my 3x3 ID for CVO. But, he tried everything he could before he escalated the issue. He did a good job. I think that the help desk personnel should have more clearance or access to be able to fix that themselves rather then having to escalate the issue.

very quick service. satisfied.

It took a while to arrive at a solution but once done, it was effective.

The rep reached out to his seniors/supervisor for the best resolution, which took some extra time but then fixed the problem with no issues.

Quite helpful with resolution by reaching out to others who could answer questions.

I like the response time using the tech help feature in the Teams chat.

They done really good job...im satisfied

Seemed to take a while to be contacted after submitting the ticket. Fully satisfied with outcome.

Tech quickly proposed that an update to the VDI was a solution. So, requested the update to be pushed and wanted me to wait 1hr+ to try access again.

Good interaction with rep; problem resolved in reasonable time

Excellent

Dwight Williams was determined to fix my issue and detected an additional problem with my Laptop Battery. His knowledge and caring attitude was super helpful at 8am ET on a Monday morning. Not only did he resolve my print issue he also opened an additional ticket to get my battery issue resolved. He wanted to make sure all my issues were taken care of. I appreciate his caring spirit!

Very responsive to the trouble ticket being placed.

Really support team is very helpful for us .

They were timely in getting back with me.

I was without a computer for over a week -- which is not the techs fault. We need to have better/more equipment available

It took over an hour to resolve my issues - I would have hoped there would have been a quicker/easier solution. But Josh was great to work with, and was able to get me up and running.

it was overall good.

The person who helped me was great and really efficient. The service provided was very personalized as we talked directly through teams

everyone was quick and efficient with trouble shooting

They understand

issue needed to be escalated to tier 2

Lenny was great to work with. Very patient and knowledgable.

I thought Pamela had great customer service. I cannot be sure if the issue was resolved until I have the same situation and it works.

Speed

They sent me a link with three different things I could try to correct the problem.

martha was great. she took time out and explained the why behind everything she was doing

We were able to resolve the issue, so no complaints there.

He was able to identify the issue promptly and knew about it happening. He tried to fix it but ultimately it needed more work or level two and rather than invest that much time I decided to leave as is.

It was quite a long call, almost 2 hours in trying to get me, a new starter on the domain. But they were very professional and patient throughout especially as nothing seemed to be working and was getting frustrating. i am pleased with the help and support i got. Thank you

They resolved very well

renee was very helpful and knowledgeable all good no issues

The case was unusual and outside the norm. I just needed a ticket number and it took 30 minutes, late at night, to get the result I was asking for.

Listened and provide exactly what I needed

Confusing situation to explain but ultimately was resolved

They were good

she understood the issue.

quickly responding our issue

but he did understand that he knew I was reporting an issue that was intermittent and unpredictable.

Shorter hold time

fast delivery, good communication after mid-steps completion

Got my issue handled quickly.

knowledgable

Quick and simple resolution.

Resolved and quick reaction

The IT issue affected a lot of emails ( month end payments), & although it took a few days to highlight the seriousness of the issue to our teams day to day work. Individual agents in IT made every effort to unblock the multiple emails in a timely manner, locate IT tickets that may have gone astray & in so doing the delay caused by the IT issue was minimised as much as possible.

they were professional and helped me fix my issue

Was able to quickly & efficiently resolve my issue, without making me feel like an idiot.

1) Did not have to wait too long before support team member attended me. 2) Support member quickly understood the problem. 3) She provided a solution which worked instantaneously 4) she waited until I could properly login without any hiccups. Very Happy with the service.

able to fix the issue quickly and was very professional and polite. Thank you!

Addressed the issue on time.

Agent was very friendly and supportive- brought his personality and happiness through.

Attentive listener and great troubleshooting

Catarina was very helpful and knowledge. I am so far from a technical person and she patient and stayed on the line and tried different ways to resolve my problem. The 2nd level Rajthina was quick to respond and reach out. My issues have been resolved.

Danielle really cared. about my problem!!! She knew what she was doing!! She solved my problems and made me feel OK about having to ask for assistance. My only regret is that I do not have a direct line to Danielle for future assistance I may need.

Extraordinarily patient and helpful

Fast response and knew how to fix problem.

Fast. Efficient. Helpful. Professional. Courteous.

fix the problem

Fixed issue on 1st call

Fixed my access to a sharepoint...an ongoing issue.I ha

Friendly and very knowledgeable! Well done!!

Friendly support resources that clearly understood my issue. L1 couldnt fix it and quickly escalated to L2, who fixed it and emailed me with the info. Quick and easy.

Friendly, courteous, and knowledgeable

GAGE WAS SO PERSONABLE AND FANTASTIC TO WORK WITH DURING MY CONCERN!

Gokulnathan Thukkaram was extremely knowledgeable and was able to address my issue and provide me access to the new Outlook mailbox in a very short time.

good

Good prompt effective service

got my new printer hooked up for me

got to the heart of the issue and resolved it

Great Fast support.

He (Dylan Denish) was very courteous and patience and knew how to resolve the situation in a timely manner.

He knew what I needed and fixed it timely.

He was efficient in resolving my issue.

He worked through my question via several avenues until it was FIXED. Understood the context of the problem and made sure I went away 100% taken care of. No follow up calls needed! Thanks Travis.

Heard the problem and fixed it promptly

Helped resolve my issue of not being able to pull up change policy or billing link

Holly was patient and methodical in addressing my issue. I felt like correcting my issue was important to her and her demeanor was both professional and pleasant.

I tried the HUB resources to include chat with no success, but then when I talked to the person she immediately knew what to try and how to resolve.

Issue solved on time

It was fixed while I was on the call, and the call wasnt lengthy.

Jason Hall understood how important it was to me to get my laptop up and running and he tried everything until it work. BEST services from IT , I have ever received.

Jason was very professional, patient and resolved my issue.

Jordan solved my problem quickly and efficiently.

Just always make contact very quickly after logging a ticket and sort any issues i have

Justin was the most professional, personable, and thorough IT Tech that I have encountered in my 2 years of being with LM.

Keith continued to work with me to try to resolve the issue and did pass on what he could not assist with, but kept working the problem with higher levels until it was resolved.

Knew exactly what he was doing. Understood the situation and how to resolve it.

Leonard was patient, professional, quick, helpful, and very friendly! Outstanding!

Lex knew exactly what the issue was and was able to resolve it promptly. He was very friendly, polite, and knowledgeable.

looked into my problem and fixed

Muy buena colaboración parte de los compañeros de IT. En especial de Zoili del Rosario y de Aitziber de la Torre Jodra.

My issue was urgent and I was so happy Brandon resolved my issue without the need for further escalation! Thank you!

My issues wasnt easy to fix but the IT Rep patiently helped me for over an hour.

once someone was assigned he was great and made sure it was fixed so i could get back to work! i also watched what he did and have been able to troubleshoot for myself when the same issue happened the next two days! i told my team about the positive experience and recommended they utilize the chat function so they can continue working while they wait for someone to join them

Personal service (reached out to me via IM to let me know the ticket was resolved), and super-fast turnaround.

Problem was resolve correctly and timely

Provided licence key in quick time

quick and efficient service

Quick and Friendly

quick phone response

quick solution

Quickly fixed the issue

Quickly resolved my issue.

Resolved a trending issue that was causing a lot of repeat calls into our service line. Im noticing already a lot less of these concerns as a result of their resolution. Good work Team

Resolved my issue quickly, the representative was very helpful.

Resolved my problem

RESOLVED THE ISSUE QUICKLY

Robbie was extremely professional and was able to address and handle my issue in a very timely manner.

She quickly resolved my issue & sent me an email regarding instructions for IT assistance in the future. She was also very kind. Thank you!

She was helpful and knowledgeable.

SUPER HELPFUL

Tashia was very friendly and prompt to help with my issue.

Taylor Gerrish was the IT Rep who assisted me. He was courteous and professional. He quickly solved my issue with Triton and I was able to get back to work.

The gentleman was very easy to understand, and personable.

The gentleman was very polite, friendly and knowledgeable. He was able to fix my problem without second thought. He was confident that the problem had been fixed although it took a minute or two to see that the problem was fixed. He waited on the phone with me and told me to try again and then finally it worked. He was awesome.

The have understood the problem and rectified the same immediately.

the it tech was very patient with me

The request was easy to submit and completed within a few hours with clear follow-up instructions.

They helped me in a very timely manner and he was very friendly, patient and polite.

They solved the issue quickly and efficiently

They understood the problem, and solved it with very little interruption to my day.

This issue was handled very quickly including an overnight package with a new laptop to avoid further issues with the current computer.

This was a fix that only IT could solve - a claims case handler never would have been able to figure it out. But IT did and the issue was resolved

Timely and patient with my questions

Tom made me feel comfortable and not computer illiterate

understanding, prompt reply after sending the ticket, patience of the IT person

understood the issue & helped to easily resolve

Very friendly and efficiently solved my problem

Very friendly support staff, instantly knew how to resolve my issue and left me with clear next steps to ensure I was all set

Very helpful & a quick response & resolution!

Very helpful and concise solution provided by Chris Moon, excellent job!!!

Very helpful as always.

very pleasant & helpful.

Very prompt and accurate

Very satisfying experience

worked with me to resolve the issue

Nothing as of now as they have always been supportive

Timely updation required for smooth functioning

Knowledge in Tech support. Friendlier tone of voice. Attentive.

Efficiency, timely respond

Fueron muy rápidos y en todo momento estuve informada del envío, ofrecieron ayuda para la instalacion aunque sea en remoto y después se han ocupado de conocer el resultado de hacerlo yo sola. Me he sentido acompañada y apoyada. Zorionak

He was polite and understanding.

Quick resolution of issue

Timeliness, friendliness and familiar with my issue and was able to quickly respond and fix it and walk me through the steps of what to do should it occur again.

Very helpful and able to understand my issue.

Resolvió el problema

A quicky and agile solution

Acted in a quick and efficient manner.

Always very helpful and are dedicated to finding solutions to resolving my issue.

As I contacted laura on teams as I needed my referral password updated, this was completed in a minute or 2

Came online afterhours and helped quickly address my need on a phone call.

configuró nuevamente el acceso directo de la rut que trabajo a diario, que me habían desconfigurado en otra llamada que tuve anteriormente con otra persona de TI.

Cournoyer, Jordan went above and beyond. the HD scripts did not resolve the issue. The LMIG self help scripts did not address the issue. Jordon went out on the web and located an article describing a process which resolved the issue.... above and beyond!

Craig was EXCELLENT. He never give up and completed the task with ease. I was so frustrated and he calmed me down. He is very good at what he does. He is a excellent person to have on your team.

demonstrated patience and understanding. Since, the resolution took time, kept me engaged, and helped me understand what was going on while we were troubleshooting. The instructions were given in a manner that they were easy to follow and did not cause any frustration.

didnt just fix the problem, also explained the cause, how to avoid it, and how to fix it again in the future. excellent help

Dwight Williams was very professional and resolved my issue in a very timely manner. It was nice speaking with someone that was very positive and enjoyed helping others

Dylan was very professional, patient and helpful. Explained the root cause of the situation and how to resolve it

efficient and courteous service. Very personable.

escalated the problem, then within an hour someone got in touch with me and fixed the issue - very happy

Evan was courteous and helpful. He was able to fix the problem quickly, and he also showed me how to fix it on my own, if the problem occurs again in the future. He was great! Thank you!!

excelente servicio

Explain with clarity how to perform every step to try to correct the issue.

fast and effiecent

fixed issue

fixed my issue

fixed the problem

Friendly, and solved the issued quickly

Friendly, fast, knowledgeable resolution to my software installation issue

Ha habido una respuesta rápida y además de solucionarlo, me ha informado de cómo hacerlo por si vuelve a pasarme.

He fixed my updates to computer/VPN was not successfully reloaded after the last computer updates/he was able to fix that and also gave me some tips on trouble-shooting if i run into other issues. Leonard Lively was very nice and patient and extremely knowledeable.

He listened to my issue. He was able to find items on my desktop that I had forgotten about were taking up space. While I wasnt able to reduce a as much as I wanted it was a big improvement.

He stayed on the line with me for a few minutes just to make sure my Avaya was working. He was very professional.

He was able to assist me with my vpn issue in a timely manner.

He was very patient with me and explained in detail what needed to be done.

Helped solve my problem and was incredibly pleasant and kind throughout it- first words out of her mouth were we are going to figure this out.

I had the weirdest issue where my copy and paste did not work which is absolutely important that it works. Craig was able to save the day!

I just started doing field work and had hot spot connectivity issues from day one. I called in yesterday thinking it might have been an issue with the laptop but the IT rep quickly found the error within the phone and so far so good.

i messaged laura and she replied instantly

I needed some simple advice on replacing my laptop charger and the support rep was able to answer with clear understanding of what I needed to know.

I thought my problem was small and I should have been able to figure it out on my own but he made me feel like no question/problem was stupid. I could feel his smile and willingness to help me. Also, he solved the problem very quickly. Thanks

I was able to quickly use the online help site to find answers to my question about how I set Chrome as my default browser. I did this as I called the help number. The service tech I reached was helpful in confirming I had successfully changed my default browser,

I was locked out of the main page. I was quickly and efficiently unlocked. Thank you for your help.

IT support gave me step by step instructions to clear cookies. It was very helpful.

Jennifer immediately understood the issue, clearly stated to me what she was doing to address it, resolved the issue, and then tested the solution to ensure it worked properly. Thank you!

Just understood. Was polite and friendly. Made the call one of the best Ive had with IT.

knew how to address the issue without google or escalating

Me atendió enseguida y dio con la solución en menos de un minuto.

Michael was knowledgeable and called me back when he found out more information

My problem was fixed on the spot! Jennifer was very helpful & friendly!

Pam resolved my issue quickly and effectively.

patience

Profesional y educada

Profesionalidad, empatía, ganas de ayudar y solucionar problemas. Gracias

professional, kind and patience

Provided a quick answer and solution

Quick and clear direction that fixed my problem

Quick answer and high professionalism received

quick easy fix

Quick resolution

Quick resolution to 2 problems.

Quick resolution. Professional rep. Knowledgable.

Quick response and making sure that really all is solved

Quick support and help from LM IT support team.

Quickly helped to resolve issue

quickly identified the problem and solved it - did double checks and was friendly

Quickly resolved my current IT issue and provided excellent recommendations to deal with the problem.

Resolved the issue in one of my other machine as well.

She was able to understand my issues and fix it. Now if the changes would just stick after the company does updates - that would be awesome!

She was very professional and knew exactly what to do to fix my issue.

solved my issue with patience

The issue was fairly unique and the IT rep took the time to find a solution and to implement that solution.

The IT representative was very professional and knew what to do for the issue I contacted them for. I sounded frustrated and he was still very professional and helpful.

The service was so quick and efficient, I was panicking that I wouldnt be able to sign in and have a meeting by the Mike was a great help!

They resolved the problem.

They understand the request and provide the best solution.

They were kind and fixed my problem quickly.

Travis Richardson help me get back in to C session after I return from 4 mth leave I did not know the password syncs with the N # password. He also sent me my ticket number link if it didnt work. Thank you.

Two words: Alex Jamison

Understood everything I was saying and related it to what had happened recently to my computer. Great job!

Very knowledgeable and professional. Fixed my issue timely. Made recommendations to avoid future problems

Very professional and helpful!

Walter Black was very helpful & explained step by step, what I needed to do. I am retiring tomorrow and I needed help, late this evening & he was gracious enough to help me & be patient with me. Im old & dont understand computers!

was very thorough with instructions to get my issue resolved. patient and kind but also professional.

well prepared, tested before providing useful solution with good guidance/walk it through with the user patiently

No long wait times. Knew what the problem was and what the next step is.

me escuchó y trató de ayudarme

once I raised the follow up actions i got a clear and complete response.

good comunication

For the most part my interactions with IT support are good

none, I am happy.

made sure the solution worked

corrected the problem without having to fully restart my computer

He was professional, friendly and communicated effectively.

they resolved the problem and responded to questions

Timely re-imaged laptop for our new Attorney who started on 04/26/21

Knowledge and patience

Solved my problem once escalated after a day

 Explained the issue I had and resolved it

Addressed my issue is competent and efficient manner. Provided instructions on how to potentially address my issue on my own in the future.

Alex was very polite and went the extra mile to assist me with extra questions and features. Thank U Alex!!

Anthony was so friendly and helpful!

Chris Moon was very courteous and helpful with my issue! We figured out that Liberty currently does not have a system to back up Macs, which is definitely an issue but not something that IT can fix without Liberty bringing back Code42 (which works for Macs). Chris was very patient and helped me figure out my options.

Christopher Henry was awesome! Not only did he help me with my problem, but he saw another one I had that was still pending and fixed that one too!!!

clear instructions on how to get new recancel

Convenience of calling and not creating a ticket and waiting.

Courteous, friendly and patient whilst I followed instructions given to me.

David, the person who help me, was great!!! Thanks David!!!

Evan is already so eager and helpful. He always resolves my issues and he is very efficient and gets me on my way quickly. I really appreciate all he does. Thank you for your time.

Excellent assistance in resolving issue in a very timely manner!

Extremely knowledgeable, empathetic and helpful.

Fast and friendly service, resolved my issue quickly

Fast solutions

fix the problem.

Fixed a termed sales associates VM account

fixed problem on first call and quickly

Followed thru, and even though only in teams, the demeanor and willingness to help came through... not always the usual for tech support/help desk.

good recommendation to use BYOMD lite.

Got me back to access to all my systems

Great customer service and a quick solution that worked. :-)

Great Job issue resolved very easily

had me come to the office to directly wire in to access computer.

He did a good job explaining what he was doing. He answered all my questions.

He knew exactly what the issue was and was able to correct it.

He took the time to explain the issue and resolved it too.

He took time to look at the issue with me.

He was able to identify the cause, uninstall/reinstall and reboot which fixed the issue.

He was very helpful and patient

He was very knowledgeable.

helped and provided additional info if it happens again

I did not have to re-explain the issue in order for it to be handled quickly.

I felt like the IT support had the information to reference and he accomplished that quick. Very knowledgeable!

I wish I had remembered her name as she was awesome! We were on the phone for quite sometime and she remained very professional and easy to work with.

Incredibly efficient and courteous.

IT loaded programs without help from me! They are fabulous.

it support took my issue as important to me and resolved it with patience and courtesy

Jack help me log into my computer and he help me with another C session question.

Jack was extremely knowledgeable and provided a quick and effective solution to my question

Jason was very helpful!

Jasper checked back in with me even after his shift was over the following day, to make sure I had what I needed.

Jen was so helpful and patient with me. She walked me through the entire process and even followed up with words of encouragement.

Jennifer Molner has been SUPER helpful, very responsive, provides the right level of updates and communication on request status and sets clear expectations. Working with Jennifer is always a pleasure!

Justin was very helpful and understanding. He gave me the information I needed to help my agent including step by step instructions.

Knew answer straight away and was pleasant as this was a silly thing on my part to rectify

La pronta resolución, amabilidad

Leonard Lively was extremely knowledgeable and professional. He was able to walk me through the steps of resolving my computers issue in a timely manner. He turned a situation where I was inconvenienced with the absence of internet to a great fix. 10/10 recommend

Listened and gave suggestions for my issue

Michael was fast, proficient, attentive and friendly. He was not able to solve the error message popups I was getting on the first attempt, but assured me he would follow up after doing some research. A few hours later, he fixed the issue. And fast! Thank you guys!

Nice and productive

Pam was thorough, persistent in finding the solution and extremely helpful.

Patience and amazing understanding of the issue.

Patience, knowledge of what to do and friendly attitude. Problem solved but needs monitoring by me as instructed.

Problema solucionado. Muchas gracias.

Professional and Friendly

Professional and helpful.

Professional and informed help by Dylan Denish.

Professional, engaged, and empathetic

Provide me the PIN for Mobileiron

quick resolution and offered me the options

quick response

quick response

Quick response. Fixed issue on the spot. Courteous.

Quick solution.

Quick/kind/understanding/flexible response, personable and easy communication, was able to IM while on a separate (related) bridge call.

quickly took care of the issues and helped with an additional concern I had with a program

Rápida y meticulosa verificación del problema y su resolución

Recognized the issue immediately

resolution was identified and completed immediately

Resolved issue right away and gave me alternative solution.

Resolved my issue

resolved my problem right away!

RESOLVED THE ISSUE QUICKLY

Responded\corrected issue very quickly

Robert did an excellent job. Was able identify and explain the problem and correct the issues. It took numerous calls to finally get someone who knew and was willing to asst.

She was AMAZING! She gave me information for future issues in which no other IT person has ever offered that.

She was patience in understand me. And she was determined to solve the issue. And I appreciated Her dedication in solving the problem.

Solved my problem

The IT support was very quick in resolving the issue. Thanks team for this.

The IT tech that responded to my request had great interpersonal skills.

The rep was great. I had a wait on hold for a bit, but nowhere near as long as usual so must be quicker if it is just an easy password reset.

The representative, Leonard Lively, was extremely helpful. I called very early in the morning when I couldnt get my computer to sign on due to an update that had occurred and he was so cheerful and friendly. He walked me through what needed to be done seamlessly and very quickly. I was thoroughly impressed with how fast he was able to help me get the issue fixed and he was so pleasant to speak with.

The response was super quick and James was very helpful.

The specialist that helped me was amazing. made it very clear and was over the top helpful

they closed the issue promptly and in one go

They offered to make sure I got emails regarding the issue already being worked to resolve the issue so I could stay updated

This ticket was for a more widespread issue and difficult to resolve without a live example. While we are still waiting for a live example of a hung session to reference, Abdul did a great job following up and keeping me updated on the status.

Understood and Resolved my issue quickly! She was very helpful and with great attitude

Understood issue & very prompt & polite in their response

Very efficient and quick

very helpful and fix my issue. Also answered all questions

Very helpful in my issue.

Very knowledgeable and helpful

very knowledgeable and pleasant.

Very nice and helpful

Very patient, understanding, and willing to help. Could tell they wanted to help resolve the issue.

Very quick response and resolution

very responsive

was able to fix my problem so I could get back to work and did it in a timely manner.

Was polite and helpful in getting me back up and running

was very understanding and put up with my poor knowledge.

We dont really have a choice. :-) BUT, that said, I always get excellent, efficient service from our helpdesk! They will do everything they can to resolve our issues or let us know there is no currently known solution.

Win 10 1909 Update- I was unable to access Pulse Secure to gain access to my laptop after restarted several times!

There is no other alternative. Once the correct group/individual was aware of the ticket, it was resolved quickly and efficiently.

Resolve quickly

Be patient with people who dont understand IT issues

customer service focused

El analista me dio las instrucciones para darle la solución al intermediario

Explained that it wasnt just my issue

Helped in raising the ticket, good behavior

My problem was solved

Stayed with me until resolved with follow up opportunity with the same tech.

They worked with me until my issue was resolved.

Timely and professional

Timely out of (US) hours support

prompt feedback, and suggest solution to fix issue

I definitely like the ability to use the chat feature over having to call. The response was quick and the tech professional and helpful, even though we couldnt resolve my blue tooth connectivity issue.

Accurate, fast, precise answer

Al Cole was the only tech that could totally fix my issues. Thank you so Much AL

Always great overall.

appreciate Patrick Moran reaching out and also following up to make sure my home internet issues were resolved and no further problems preventing me from working. Love the ability to IM in the new tech help portal. great idea and much easier! Nice job.

Call got disconnected at the time of resolution....IT support reached again in couple of minutes ...and they resolved the issue promptly. Thank you

Checking warranty status on desktop computer...Thanks...

Chris restarted the machine and he was very patient.

Clear and concise explanation

Completed task, reviewed and updated my problem. Provided clear and understandable instruction on next steps to complete should this fix not totally resolve my login problem with the Triton Phone system

Corrected the issue, and explained the why.

Derrick was great!

efficient and fast.

Extremely knowledgeable and efficient

Fantastic support as always, I was really worried when Id forgotten my passcode but they resolved the issue instantly!

fix the citrix issue

fixed my issue quickly and stayed on to make sure everything was working properly

Fixed my outlook so I could open my emails

fixed my problem

fixed the issue quickly

fixed the problem fast

genial gracias

Give DOT access to a new user in timely manner

Good time fast job service plus

Got my monitors to work.

got my problem resolved quickly - very friendly on the phone

Great customer service & knowledge

great service

Great service from Craig and problem was solved in a timely manner

He did an excellent job. Thank you

He explained what the issue is

He listened, understood my concern, and immediately problem solved the issue. He provided good customer support and even provided a tip on dealing with my issue going forward.

He saw exactly what the issue was and had it resolved quickly. Great job Edward!!!

He was able to quickly understand the issue I was having, isolate the problem & get it corrected. He also waited while I opened a couple of screens to be certain everything was working before signing off. I am so grateful for the assistance!!

He was extremely helpful and got me setup quickly so that I could start working!

He was patient; listen & attentive. Just plain helpful

he was very pleasant to deal with

Helped figure out the wrong password was being used for avaya

helped me

Helped me resolve ECM issue.

Helped me understand the issue with my new CPU, to which my manager was able to overnight new CPU.

Helped with my concerns.

I am tech challenged and he was so kind, patient, and helpful while I tried to explain my issue to him. He fixed the issue -which was a user issue : ) very quickly.

I appreciate Christopher Henrys time and patience to resolve my issues. I mistakenly thought I would only need his help once to move a single file to a new location but I actually ended up needing help several more times due to additional steps that still required Admin level access. Just glad I didnt have to submit a new RIT request again to get his additional help. Christopher was awesome. Thank you!

I called in for 1 problem and Daniel Quaintance went above and beyond and helped me with an issued that I had been having with the virtual machine for almost 2 weeks. He has been the only person in IT that was able to solve this problem. I am so grateful to him.

I received a quick response to fix an error that I made.

It took some time to figure out the issues, but was constantly updated and given ways to fix the issues, very complicated but finally resolved, everyone was great. Thank you

Its very helpful

Justin was courteous, knowledgeable and able to fix my issue quickly.

Kept trying until my problem was resolved. Very thorough in explanation of what was being done.

Kind

Kind, courteous, and fixed the problem!

Knowledgeable agent, quick diagnosis and fix

la amabilidad de paola ha sido genial

Michael Jeffers understood what I needed and is working to resolve this issue. Thanks Michael.

Mohammed Rizwan was great, he followed up and ensured I had a solution. He was very quick with his explanation and courteous with his response. Thanks, Mohammed!

My support tech was awesome! Very grateful he got this issue resolved for me! :)

Nice and knowledgeable

Patrick had a great understanding of what needed to be done.

Patrick had a great understanding of what needed to be done.

Personable, fast, and easy.

proactividad de david checa fue crucial para la resolución de la incidencia. gracias

quick and efficient

Quickly analyzed by problem, developed a plan and resolved my computer issue.

Quickly understood my issues and found multiple potential solutions. Friendly, patient, great at walking me through the steps on the phone.

recommended course of action was very practical

rep provided details on how to correct myself in the future

Resolved my issue

Resolved my issue promptly. Thank you

Resolved the problem shortly

Resolvieron mi problema de forma rápida y cordial.

responded quickly and resolved the problem same day-didnt ask for silly forms or approvals.

responsive, considerate, helpful

Ricky was extremely pleasant, patient and supportive. He addressed my issue immediately and resolved the problem.

Se preocupo del problema, solicitó al departamento correspondiente que me habilitara la necesidad que tenía, y además me avisó en el momento que ya estaba resuelto. Quiero dar las gracias a Maitena Pedrera, es una gran profesional, conoce su trabajo y además es empática y muy organizada... Mil gracias.

She did a great job resolving my problem. She understood what I was trying to tell her and she fixed it quickly.

She solve the problem.

She was easy to talk to and very Welcoming. I felt her concern was genuine.

Superior Customer Service! The rep was professional and he had a great personality. Thank you!

The IT Tech was very professional and helpful.

The kindness and patience I experienced was most important to me being a brand new employee.

The quick response and information needed to resolve my issue

the rep was efficient and kind

The tech listened, knew exactly what my issue was after explalining and quickly walked me through the steps to resolve.

The tech was very helpful and polite. I first tried calling the Help Desk, was on hold for about 30 minutes, once someone connected with me they asked for my name, and the call was disconnected, this happened to me yesterday too. I didnt think I would be able to use the Tech Help on-line tool as I was in a working off-line status. I ended up trying this option to avoid another call, and a long wait. This worked well, and the person who helped me was quick to understand my issue and resolved it quickly.

The technician advised of the equipment needed to setup the second monitor

The technician was very knowledgeable and fixed the problem quickly!

They Resolved my issue quickly

They were able to provide the timely information I was not able to find elsewhere.

They were friendly, and gave me a quick fix in case I was locked out again.

They were quick to correct my problem and the next day I was able to process my SSI.

Took ownership of my issue the best he could.

Very friendly and thorough.

Very humble guy and I got immediate solution He will be appreciated for the support

very patient, very through, stayed with me until I knew what to do next

Very quick response, and very helpful

Very quick to resolve problem

They were knowledgeable and effective

Got what I needed done in the timeframe required

Prompt response and showed empathy about the issue I had

Less wait time to speak to IT support

Wait time needs to be improved. Weekend IT support needs to be able to understand issue as mine was a pretty simple one.

Good behaviouu and solved the problem

Issue was solved

They made a significant effort to an issue that was ultimately a problem in a Remedy server access configuration that impacted only me.

Timely and accurate resolution.

Very happy with the service. They aproche quick and adapt according what my time needs. Solve the problem quickly and kept me informed at all the time.

Competence

Friendly prompt response and directedme to a solution that soved the problem.

The resolution was fast once i was connected, but we really have to do something about an hour long wait.

Fast response

Help Desk is consistently great overall.

Helped get me into systems in timely manner for my training today. Thank you

Addressed my concerns quick and followed up to ensure my problem was taken care of.

Addressed the issue an effectively resolved the issue in a timely fashion.

Agent was prepared for with a solution as soon as I presented the problem to him.

Al was Great! He was professional and efficient.

Alex was great. He stuck around when he saw i could not re-boot to get the software update done.

All ok

Although Michael was not able to fix the computer today and it took a very long time to go through the trouble shooting steps, that was nothing to do with him at all. He was very thorough and was able to determine that my computer is not functioning as it should regardless of wireless, ethernet or anything else he had me try. Michael was great and I thank him for at least helping me isolate the problems.

Anie Asuamah was very helpful in resolving my flash drive issue and offered a different solution and copy my photos to the flash drive for me. So grateful. Great service, Anie!!

atención recibida

Challenges with the software created extended call time

Chris was brilliant He asked poignant questions was prepared to ensure all was working and offered fit for purpose advice, resolving the issue properly

Corrected my internet default to get back into ECM

Courteous and professionalism

Courteous, resolved the issue.

Down to earth, friendly responsiveness! Willing to stay on the line while I tried the solution myself - so I learned how to do it myself., which also saved IT future calls...

Dylan Denish went above and beyond to assist me with the tech issue the policy was having. easy to speak to as well.

Excellent

Explained to me what I could have done to fix it myself.

Fixed the problem right away, with a pleasant and patient demeanor.

Friendly and personable

got email on my phone

Got me up & running again very quickly, that is always appreciated.

great help and winning attitude! :)

Great service, very professional, and very friendly.

Great support for a difficult problem across multiple computers.

Handled everything efficiently and professionally. Resolved the issue in a timely manner.

He show me how to fix and see where the restart update are at and how to pause it.

He solved the problem very quickly.

He was able to take care of the issue on a timely manager.

He was knowledgeable and provided good options

He was pleasant to deal with and solved my problem very quickly and efficiently.

He was professional and knew what I needed. He walked me through it and provided encouragement.

Help me get my laptop set up on my first day. Nathan Hertig was extremely helpful and I appreciate his time and expertise!

Helped very conveniently

I appreciate determined troubleshooting. Not impatient, not doubtful, just solving-problems kind of approach. Many thanks!

I really liked the ease of using the messaging.

I submitted the ticket online on 4/13 and I did receive a response on 4/14; I had been out of the office & responded when I returned & the IT employee was very responsive & was able to figure out the issue with the assistance of one of her colleagues & then explained to me why my letter would not generate.

I talked to several diff people and they were all helpful and friendly.

Justin is knowledgeable, fast, and was very efficient at resolving the issue.

Justin knew what I was asking and he took care of the problem right way and got me back up working.

Justin was a fantastic representative.

Michael Howes was patient and helpful. His knowledge helped in dealing with me and helped resolve the issue effectively.

no tengo recomendacion

Once a solution at level 1 did not work; I was contacted immediately upon escalation

pamela is great. Very friendly, knowledgeable. A pleasure to worth with

Pamela T. understood my needs and and also helped with things she noticed hadnt been done on my computer that were important for my efficiency.

PAMELA THORNTON WAS AWESOME! SO PROFRESSIONAL AND SO HELPFUL

PERFECT!

Quick answer and professional

Quick solution to my problem

Quickly and effectively resolved my issue.

quickly found the solution - friendly and helpful

Quickly responded and corrected my issue. Also showed me how to do it myself next time!

Quickly understood what might be the issue and asked for simple steps on my end to help resolve it, then confirmed with me that I could reconnect wirelessly and things were as they should be. EXCELLENT communication.

Representative was professional, efficient and offered support to resolve related issues while on call.

Representative was professional, efficient and offered support to resolve related issues while on call.

Representative was professional, efficient, accurate and offered additional support with related issues during call.

RESOLVED THE ISSUE QUICKLY

Scott Gibbs was outstanding and resolved the IT issues which multiple other IT support individuals were not able to solve. He was accommodating with my schedule, extremely patient with my connectivity issues, and fixed the problem. He is one of the best IT support specialist I have ever worked with!

She resolved my issue - it is fixed this time.

She was patient and nice as she helped me resolve my issue.

She was very patient and very knowledgeable on what needed to be done to get my app up and running again

Solución rápida y eficiente.

Solved my issue

Solved my problem

Solved my Pulse Secure issue timely and was very helpful;

Stopped Office 365 apps from crashing.

stuck with it until the problem was solved. complicated issues. very supportive and courteous

Sue is great about keeping me updated on progress and working through the situation to have it resolved. Appreciate her ongoing diligence!

Super quick with the chat feature.

Tech was friendly and completed my request in a timely manner.

Tech was great , courteous, patient and really seemed interested in helping me solve the problem , then stayed with me until I received a call to make sure issue was truly resolved and I appreciated that.

The issue was identified and resolved quickly by the IT representative

The issue was resolved very quickly.

The IT support has been very professional and helpful to me as a new employee. They are all very patient and knowledgeable. They go the extra mile to provide IT tips.

The rep went above and beyond to help resolve my issue and set me up for success.

The support person I spoke with was very helpful

The support person was knowledgeable, helpful and listened to the issue without making assumptions about the problem. The hold time was REALLY long (>30 min) which is not a techs fault, he fixed the issue in < 15 min and that was including uninstalling and reinstalling drivers. Also the advice to go look online- since it was a VPN issue with connecting to the network on Libertys end pushing an update, I had no internet access to chat or inquire online. Glad the phone number still works!

The tech was extremely knowledgeable, patient and provided excellent customer service.

The technician one knowledgeable friendly and efficient.

The technician was very helpful

There was no long wait on the phone and the tech was clear in his directions and explaining what was going on with the device and how he intended to solve the issue. He resolved the issue and I was able to proceed.

They fixed my problem quickly

They made every effort to make sure the problem is successfully fixed and make sure that I was able to work productively after the fix.

They quickly and efficiently resolved the issue I was having.

They solved the issue in such a short time

They went above and beyond to help resolve my issue and set me up for success.

They were patient and quickly resolved the issue and followed up with me when they did so.

Took a while to get through but when I did they handled the problem and communicated that the problem was handled via email.

Tried their best to solve the problem

Understood my issue, took action and fixed it! Very pleased!

Very good

Very knowledgeable and helpful. resolved the issue very quickly as well

Very nice corrected issue write away

Very professional, patient, and knowledgeable

Very quick response and got our space added in a quick manner

walked me through the submission process.

Was able to resolve the issue in a timely manner

well done

Wonderful personality, easy to talk to and made things simple to understand

worked quickly

Worked with me to find a solution

You have got to be kidding! Colin McHugh is a total rock star and handled my issue with style and humor. Today is my first day in a new position and I was in full on panic mode since I could not get the new laptop to connect; Colin kept me calm and walked me through the processes until he got it working. Thank you Colin for saving my sanity and maybe my new job!

The rep was great once I got to him. Sadly, he did share this was a known issue for over 3 months

overall they fixed the issue on one call.

quick resolution to my issue

The IT support person that I spoke with was able to fully resolve my issue and was pleasant on the phone.

They worked the issue to completion, despite how long it was taking.

Resolved an issue in CBS.

They were able to resolve the issue.

En este caso la incidencia fue resulta en tiempo y forma correctos.

Finalmente no fue incidencia ni iticket, no se realizó ninguna acción y fue solicitado su cierre por parte del usuario, al no tratarse de una incidencia.

solved my issues quickly

Took the time to help me with a complicated problem. Helped me to get to a solution.

Chris took immediate action to resolve this issue. He went above and beyond to make sure all applications were successfully setup. He was so knowledgeable and very nice. I appreciated his professional in resolving my issue. Great Experience!

Comprehensive explanation

Courteous, quick assistance in helping me understand how to resolve my problem. I really appreciated this.

Efficient

great job-no problems

Knowledgeable and professional. Was able to solve my problem efficiently.

Louis Tan staff was very courteous and understood the problem and resolved it in a timely manner.

patience

Professionalism

prompt and can provide very user friendly solution to resolve the problem

respolved my issue quickly!

she was very kind and responsive.

Was friendly, efficient and understood my problem right away even with a horrible description of the issue by me :)

What I wanted to do is not supportd by LM (add my Outlook calendar to my personal calendar app on my phone - my ph app is not suppoertd) but thats no fault of the agent. Maddy did a good job offering alternatives.

Engaged, professional, asked questions and ensured a full understanding before any work was completed.

Extremely knowledgeable, excellent response time. Great job! Thank you.

friendly professional knowledgeable

good fast service

He keep trying until he achieved

IT solved my inquiry the same day I submitted it. The solution was clear and concise.

Nice behaviour, ,listening my query patiently and resolved it too.

Resolved multiple issues on one call patiently

She was excellent, very patient and explained the problem along the way.

She was very courteous, professional, and knowledgeable about resolving my issues. Thanks!

She was very kind. Made sure I was aware of what she was doing and apologized for something that was not her fault. She needs a raise. Very nice person to speak with.

Super friendly and extremely helpful in resolving my issue.

The best level of service I’ve ever had calling the help desk! It was a Saturday and I needed assistance. She was patient, polite and very detailed in resolving my issue! Thank You!!

Very responsive and flexible in implementing a nice tactical fix after some troubleshooting.

Courteous and helpful

Danielle Madden was very easy to speak and quickly solutioned the issue Id raised.

Helpful, polite, friendly and patient

rapid solution

Solución rapida.

The availability and the willingness to help.

was easy to explain situation and was fast to reboot system.

I used the chat box -as it was faster. However they needed to call me and they did right away. Overall great experience

1st day I was lost. He walked my thru it as well as he told me who i need to reach out to.

Access my computer and quickly solved my issue.

ALEX LISTEN MY CONCERNS WAS HAVING WITH SYSTEM, HE ALSO SHOW ME HOW TO SAVED DOCUMENTS AND SENT INSTRUCTIONS TO TAKE CARE OF PROBLEMS

Alex was extremely helpful and resolved my issue in no time. He even set me up to be able to fix any similar issues in the future.

Answered all my questions in a timely manner and resolved my issue.

Anthony had tremendous patience with us and solved multiple issues very quickly.

Apart from the long waiting time in the queue, the overall experience with the IT Support is great! Reps have always been supportive and patient.

Assisted in my IT need.

Catarina was exceptionally friendly and helpful. Having to call the help desk can be a pain, but she made it a very pleasant experience.

Craig Thompson is a highly capable and knowledgeable IT representative. I seem to recall a prior helpdesk call with Mr. Thompson which left me equally impressed.

Derek Gomes was fantastic, he went above and beyond to make sure I was taken care of. Great experience for a new employee, kudos to Derek!

Derrick was great. Thanks!

Exceptional customer experience and willingness to solve for the problem.

Explained step-by-step how to navigate the area and resolve the issues

Fast and efficient

Fast service, friendly athanksnd got me back going quickly. Very good!

Fast, courteous, conversational, knowledgable, effective!

Fixed issue in a timely fashion.

genuine, personable, & sincere in his interest to assist. A+ for Nathan!

good service

got me logged on within a minute

Great customer service as always.

great knowledge identified issue immediately and resolved very quickly

he helped and resolved my issue without the need to call back

He solves the issue of my adobe standard and also figured out the right way to convert an HEIC file into adobe

He understood my issue and spent time to resolve my issue very professionally.

helped me

HELPED ME GET LOGGED ON

Helped resolve the issue quickly.

I explained the issue and he immediately new the resolution. He walked me through the process. He was concise and very patient.

It only took Catarina a few moments to diagnose the issue and correct it.

James Davekos is very responsive and gets straight to the issue and always seems to have the answer!

Justin Murphy was knowledgeable, and fast.

La rápidez en la atención, la efectividad en solucionar la incidencia y la amabilidad.

Listened to my concerns and quickly resolved it.

Listened to my concerns and quickly resolved it.

Mason answered all my questions, fixed a couple of issues and was very kind.

matthew landgraf was great to work with - was a complex issue that two previous Helpdesk calls could not solve...but he did! thank you for your help.

My phone dropped the call and he called me right back.

My request was handled in a timely manner and the IT tech explained how having both emails works...he even sent me a test email to ensure I fully understood. That went beyond, in my opinion!

One the second follow up call after suggested actions did not correct the issue the tech was able to implement a fix quickly.

OUTSTANDING SERVICE

Passion to assist and resolve.

PAUL SAUER DID WONDERFUL AT GETTING ME BACK TO WORK!

Paul Saure was my IT support Representative. He was excellent. He worked with urgency as i had to get to a candidate interview. He fixed my problem quickly so that i could get into teams. Thanks for having such great staff to work with.

process was easy. Even though I couldnt do what I wanted, the rep was able to make an alternative suggestion that was an improvement.

professionalism in resolving the issue!!

promptly resolved me being able to get back on my computer after a forced restart. He was kind, courteous, knowledgeable.

Quick resolution to my issue. Thank you!

quick response

Quick response. Detailed info.

Reset password for BOComp

Resolve my problem and it was a good experience

Restart the citrix. The resolution was quick.

Sorted out straight away

Stayed on the phone and then my laptop until every issue was resolved. AMAZING. Ive worked with lots of organizations and LM tech support is the best out there.

super fast resolution and rep was very nice!

Tech was pleasant and efficient. He understood the issue, worked with me to try to resolve, when unable, escalated to the appropriate team that was able to resolve quickly.

Technician was polite, friendly, supportive and knowledgeable. I appreciate all of these when I call --

Thanks Derrick!

The technician knew exactly what my issue was and how to fix it.

The technician was very prompt and efficient in resolving my issues. I feel having a person to speak with and explain my issue helping me in my strong recommendation.

Their patience and solutions

There was a quick response once the call went through and the agent knew how to resolve the issue quickly

They did their job! :)

They found a solution and they were able to talk me through what I needed to do. They were also very friendly.

they try to solve the problem asap and with some interlocutors

They were able to troubleshoot , and correct multiple issues. Colin was also able to proactively correct issues so I would not have ongoing issues.

todo perfecto

Understanding the issue and providing quick resolution.

understood the issue and helped with the resolution

very efficient and knowledgeable

VERY GOOD!

Very kind and super helpful!

Very nice and helpful.

Very responsive and timely

Was able to trouble shoot problem timely and was polite/courteous.

WAS FAST EFFECIENT AND WELL SPOKEN

Were helpful courteous and very knowledgeable. Resolved the problem promptly and successfully.

While it took a few weeks to identify and correct the issue, the group communicated with me along the way.

Worked around my availability to schedule an appointment to resolve the issue and was available on teams to deal with questions I had during set up.

Typed out the resolution so I could copy it and later reference it. I appreciated that.

Attentiveness to the issue and time dedicated to this issue

Immediate Assistance & Solved the issue with less amount of time

professional, friendly, quickly solved

RESOLVED THE ISSUE QUICKLY

solve the problem efectively

Sophia was very sweet and professional. She worked hard to find a solution to my issue while remaining confident and calm and talking me through the process. She reached out for help when came across issues and completed everything on one call without having to escalate the issue.

Very personable, knowledgeable and solved the problem.

Quickly understand the problem.

Swift resolve to issue

Agent was really friendly/personable and was able to promptly understand the issue and start the process of resolving it. .

Ashley was nothing short of professional and exhibited both experience and understanding in achieving her objective of resolving my issue.

courteous professional and resolved my issue

Craig Thompson really took time to walk me through my problem and he resolved the issue in a kind and professional manner. Hes fantastic.

Danielle was amazing. She was able to get to the bottom of why I couldnt get into my system. It took several corrections/updates to get it done, she was very patient and professional.

Derek was great. He was so pleasant to work with. he did everything very quickly. I was very happy with working with him and he did everything amazing

Dominick was honestly great to work with. Firstly he was extremely personable and just pleasant to interact with. That goes a long way. He understood the issue and was able to identify the problem almost immediately and had it resolved within seconds. I sincerely appreciate his professionalism and expertise.

Easy to speak to regarding the issue and problem was resolved efficiently.

Effieciently restored my IE Explorer

Excellent customer service -- taking additional time to show me how something worked so Id better understand it for next time.

EXCELLENT Service !!!

Figured out the issues and came up with a plan that allowed me access to the systems in order to work.

Fue resuelto inmediatamente.

Got the issue resolved and didnt give up

great communication and ability to understand the issue so easily and came up with solution in a very less time

GREAT IT associate! Friendly, helpful and quick!

Great job! Thanks!

handled my request professionally, effectively and expediently!

HAPPY TO LEARN HOW TO USE TECH HUB

He fixed the problem and did so relatively promptly

He had no problem with solving my problem

He reviewed the problem and fixed it.

He stayed with me through the entire process, was patient with my ignorance in what needed to be done and resolved the issue all the while keeping the task conversational. He showed extreme understanding to my frustrations and brightened my day.

He understand my issue and provide me the instant solution.

HE WAS AMAZING!

He was very helpful and loaded the application to my system

I got connected immediately after placing the call, and they understood my issue in no time and helped for the fix

I had the pleasure of speaking with Lenny to resolve my issue. Lenny was a patient listener and I loved that he helped me to understand the reason I was having the issue. His instructions were clear, he checked for my understanding and had an encouraging tone throughout our call. Lennys pleasant demeanor and confidence that he could solve my problem made the frustration I had with my issue just disappear. I told him at least twice that I was so thankful for his assistance, as it has put my concerns at ease and I feel like I can efficiently go about my day now. Lenny, thanks for the great service you provided by proactively resolving my issue. I greatly appreciated our friendly interaction!

I was pleasantly surprised with how quickly the issue was determined and how easy his verbal instructions were to help me navigate my equipment so he could resolve the issue.

IDENTIFIED THE ISSUE, NOT SURE WHY MY VPN DIDNT CONNECT IN THE AM

IT rep resolved issue in less than 2 hours and sent an IM to verify issue was resolved. Have worked with this rep on several previous projects and she is always helpful and pleasant to speak to and work with.

IT rep was very courteous and patient and was able to resolve the issue quickly.

Lenny is the best support assistance I have ever had in my 3 years at Liberty/Safeco!

Leonard Lively actually made all the difference! He understood issue and solved it right away! AND he turned a crazy and stressful situation into one I ended up laughing about!

Leonard was very friendly. Walked me through the situation and explained all the steps to me. He stayed on the line to make sure that I was able to log back on and changed my password to make sure they all synced like they were supposed to.

Levi listened to what I had done to try to resolve on own and did not repeat it or discount what I did. HE understood the issue and took immediate steps to trouble shoot and resolve. When I asked to walk through it again so I could do it myself Levi was very happy to spend the extra minute (literally) and explain what he did so I could take notes and do it myself next time.

Listened to my issue attentively and promptly addressed the issue. Associate was professional and courteous.

listened, polite and fixed the issue and was easy to do.

Listened, understood and resolved the issue right away

Maintained constant communication throughout solving this problem and checked back in to confirm if the problem was resolved.

Michael went well above and beyond to have my issues resolved when the previous IT rep did not. He is a great asset to the company :) He doesnt deserve a 10/10 but 20/10. :)

My ticket was picked up quickly and was escalated to the necessary team once we realized the issue was more complex.

Nathan Hertig did a phenomenal job at helping me setup my work from home equioment. Very patient and kind

Pamela was nice and professional.

Patiently sifted through information

Por meses tuve problemas con la lentitud de agendas de Pdte Andes, y el actual presidente. Y la perseverancia de TODO el equipo TI ANDES, y en especial de Stefan Burgos junto con Microsoft, es que se logró detectar el problema . Dios quiera que ahora mi trabajo realmente pueda ser eficiente ahora que mi principal herramienta, mi 3er notebook, quedó bien. Gracias totales!, Ma Jose Carreño, N0336776

Quick and efficient.

Quick resolution of problem

Quick understanding of issue, fast research, identified it as a known problem and implemented fast solution

Quick, competent

Representative was VERY nice and knowledgeable. She resolved my issue timely and was just simply very pleasant to work with.

resolve quickly and most importantly explain why I was having issues and what I needed to do to prevent.

Resolved my issue in a quick manner

Resolved my issue.

Resolver rápido y eficazmente. Solve quickly and efficiently.

Responded promptly with a resolution

Robbie MacPherson understood that I was new to the company and was currently onboarding. He completely solved all my issues as well as went above and beyond to make sure that I was set up for my first day of training which I am sure he did not have to go in such lengths to do as I only called in to get my password reset. If he ever gets the opportunity to read this or hear about this feedback; Robbie, thank you for explaining each of the programs and getting things going for me!

Said that they fixed the problem in the system

She found the exact solution

Solved my issue immediatley

Solved the issue I was having with my computer connection

SUPER HELPFUL AND POLITE

Support was able to resolve the issue quickly resulting in a better experience for our insured customers!

Tashia was quick in resolving my issue and kept me in the loop

The analyst was responsive, friendly and quick to address and resolve the issue.

The IT contact solved my problem quickly

The IT rep was very courteous and handled the issue very professionally.

The IT support representative, went above and beyond to assist me, on getting my issue resolved. She was very nice and courteous. it was definitely a pleasure to speak with her after a very long hold time.

The service was terrific

They always are able to help with what is needed and it is always in a very reasonable time!

they helped me with teams, but i think others had technical issues as well so it wasnt just me

They tried their best to solve my issue

they were courteous, conversational, and understood my problem and how to fix it quickly.

they were very personable, knowledgeable, and efficient

This ticket was open since 09/2019, I honestly was checking on the status of another ticket and realized that the ticket was still open after all that time. I tried my link and got the same error so I commented on the ticket on 04/21 in the afternoon, by the evening Kelly Colby reached out to me with an updated link that worked. Kellys work was awesome which is the reason for the high survey score,

timeliness and willingness to help

took care of my issue swiftly

Travis was very helpful in solving my issues

Understood my issue and was able to resolve it quickly!

Unlocked my computer very quickly

Unsure about software question, handle the situation within minutes

Very helpful and patient

Very patient and empathetic.

very polite, understood the issue and not only resolved it but explained why it occurred.

very quick and fast, knew what he was doing

very responsive and helpful~ well understand my issue

very responsive and knowledgeable

very well thank you

Walked me through what I needed and was great to work with

Was knowledgeable and efficient on how to fix my issue

He was informed about the issue, attempted to fix, have some good advice and tips & very professional

Follow up on Tickets escalated to #2, 

My issue involved reinstallation of a driver. There was no reason given why this would happen.

every thing is great

Fixing my computer issues in a timely matter so that I can continue to do my job.

He fixed this issue on one call.

Helped me access a number of systems

Listened to what i had to say, provided a logical solution to help me in this case gave me the tool to research my issue further.

Quick response and solution

Quickly fixed the issue.

solved the problem

very courteous and resolved efficiently

Very helpful with a quick fix

helped me get access and connected to the network, remained calm and patient and did not give up on me or the issue. even when we lost phone connection they tried to call back until we connected again.

Good way to communication, resolve the problem properly

Polite, Better understanding

It resolved the issue very well.

1st tier support reached out to 2nd tier support that got the issue resolved right away

an excellent job that the IT support did.

assisting me on an important issues

be very quick and patient

Christopher Prieto was relatable and understood my issue. I was so grateful he was educated on how to fix the issue and that the fix worked! He was patient, kind, and efficient!

Could not get into LDM due to an expired Java issue. Dwight Williams was able to rectify the problem and I am back into the file.

danielle was great

Derek Charest was very pattient and kind, and finally he solved my problem. Thank you.

Derek was very helpful and quick. He was also very personable and friendly. It is very important to me to have friendly interactions considering in my role I come across a lot of claimants / customers who are not friendly.

Did not require me to do things that were not needed. Saved time.

Edward Granberry was amazing. He helped me with all issues, explained them and was extremely patient with me. I could not do my job as a lawyer without the help that Edward provides. Thank you!!

Excellent service and quickly fixed my problem - was knowledgable in what needed to get done on my system

Excellent time of response and implementing solution which was important given the nature of the issue.

felicitaciones

fixed my issue in a timely manner

Fixed my issue quickly.

Fixed my problem.

Fixed the issue, The I.T guy Jitu Jose was excellent

fixed the problem fast.

good

Great job. Thanks!

great service

great service

he fixed my issue and was a pleasure to speak with.

he solved problem very quickly

He was able to unlock my iphone so I could reset the password without returning the phone to factory settings which would have been a nightmare.

He was patient and helpful. Understood the issue and systems I was needing help with.

He was patient, professional, and understanding, ingredients needed in a Professional Service provider. Also gave me an alternative way to fix a problem in the future.

He was very prompt with my questions as this was a new process for me. Excellent Customer Service.

Helped me access Avaya. Took Control of my system and took care of the issue. Very professional and extremely helpful, and quick

Helped me change my password

Helped me fix my secure pulse issue

Helped me locate add in

I got disconnected he called me right back and he was so nice and resolved the issue fast for me

Identified issue quickly with a resolution. No referral to next level. Also IT support individual very cheerful. I didnt feel rushed to get to their next call.

IT support organization provided another way of getting tokencode and helped to connect to LibertyCloud.

IT was responsive and thorough. It explained tools to use for future or similar issues.

Jack was awesome, he helped get my PC setup in a timely manne! :)

Jennifer was great to work with. Thank you!

Joshua Poltrack did an excellent job on assisting me with my issue of not being able to logging into my Avaya systems. He trouble shot the problem and had me up and running in no time. He knew the exact problem and did what he needed to do to get it done. Great Job Joshua!!! Thank you,

Knew exactly what needed to be done and walked me through getting the problem corrected.

Knew exactly what the steps were to fix the problem.

Knew immediately what my issue was and corrected it. Also gave me guidance on why my issue was happening and how to self correct it if it happens again

Knew what I needed and support was done in a timely manner.

Knowledgable and attentive

Michael was quick in understanding my issue and was able to give the right information quickly. With the information provided i could easily resolved the issue which i called for.

Michael was thorough and so courteous. Very pleasant even though it was late in the evening!

My request to move my RSA SecureID Token to my work mobile was completed in 15 minutes and the guidance to achieving this was clear and concise.

Not only did he take the time to fix the problem but he showed me how to fix it if it happens again.

patience

Professionalism was good and Jennifer was very cordial.

Prompt response, a full understanding of my needs, and a quick and accurate resolution. Also, I learned something new that will assist me in being more self-sufficient in the future. Thank you.

Quick easy resolution to the issue.

Quick effective solution

quick reaction and support

Quick resolution

Quick resolution

Quickly recognized and resolved the issue.

Quickly resolve my issue plus supply the needed information I need for the future

Quickly took over my screens and were able to efficiently resolve the issue.

rapidez y precisión en solucionar el problema

resolve my it issue.

Richard Tedesco was professional, knowledgeable, courteous, patient and extremely helpful. Delivered value and an asset to the team.

She helped me login to Avaya after being lockout quickly

She kept thanking me for my patience. Made me feel important b/c of this, thank you.

showed me how to fix myself in future

polite, try to help

the second person to help me was very professional and helpful

well done

Good - Quick response to the reporting of the problem.

Really support team is very helpful for us

good response

Sue Hartwig was very helpful and diligent about resolving the issue.

Most of the time I have had good experiences, with professional and friendly reps.

Chuck was great, he was one of the only IT reps I have spoken with about this specific issue that didnt just jump to one assumption and blamed my ISP. he was very professional and friendly and he actually listened to the real situation.

This rating is not in any way reflection on Wendy Grant who dealt with my ticket, I an very happy with her help and support

Peter Donnelly was able to free the call

great job resolving the issue, 

the issue was addressed

Once i did get Travis, he was fantastic. We cannot go on waiting an hour on hold for such a quick fix issue!

but once I was connected, the IT personnel was able to timely and efficiently help me with a solution.

The response was very pleasant, 

He was very quick. So I was able to get back to the customers. 

I thought the problem was addressed properly 

The first level of help - the support rep (Kali) was incredibly personable and understood my problem. She was very helpful and knowledgeable and dedicated to trying to find a solution .

I was happy w/ the resolution

Side Note: Im confused as to why theres a question asking how likely I am to refer a fellow employee to call help desk.....Its not like we have an option in the matter. Just saying :-)

Solve the issue very quick.

Solved issue promptly .

Solved me problem quickly, & knew exactly what I needed.

solved problem effectively and efficiently.

Thank you for your help today, you were courteous and patient. (Even when I called you Matt instead of Merritt)

the issue was resolved very quickly!

The kindness given while fixing my issue

The line to customer workbench was not in service,,he exlplained very well..to check again on thurs..

The person helping me knew how to resolve the issue in a timely manner

they got in contact very quick but i called to the IT help desk and they helped me to solve my problem the same day.

They IT agent was great and very helpful and quick to resolve the computer issue.

They knew exactly what needed to be done to resolve my issue. It was resolved in less time than it took them to complete their greeting. (The greeting was suuuuper long btw. Not sure what thats about, but it was unnecessary after holding for 10 minutes, as the same information was provided several times throughout the holding process.)

They were able to quickly resolve my problem.

They were polite knowledgeable patient and helpful

They were very friendly, and quickly able to dig in and find a resolution to my issue.

Thorough process walkthrough, sent additional helpful links to look into after the issue was resolved.

updated settings and resolved login errors to help me access saved email content I needed to do my job

Very courteous and helpful in assisting me with my issue. Explained so that I could understand what was need to correct the issue.

very helpful and kind. didnt make me feel dumb for not knowing how to fix my issue

very helpful and knowledgeable

Very nice and helpful. Went above and beyond checking other areas of my laptop to make sure it was functioning at full capacity.

very patient and tried a couple of solutions

Was professional, courteous and while he could not fix my issue as it was not within scope, he gave me the contact information of the group that could resolve it. I connected with them and it was resolved in minutes. He also didnt make me feel as though he was in a rush to get to the next call.

were polite and resolved the issue

Worked until issue was resolved. Thank You!

Yes

Usually I appreciate IT. Usually they give correct solutions. Im thinking this was an isolated issue

Well I never interacted with anyone, so some of these questions should have a NA. My issue was resolved, but I would have liked to know how it was corrected in case I run into the issue again in the future.

no

Good customer service. Issue resolved finally.

great service

Identified my issue and a solution fairly quickly.

La rapidez en gestionar la incidencia y la solución al problema.

Listened and provided a timely and appropriate solution.

Nan & Scott were very helpful and patient to help resolve my problem.

Resolved issue in a timely manner

the rep was great. the going away of the phone number and only a service desk online...that is strange. Also the 15-20 min hold.

They were very patient. They were able to figure out workarounds quickly and effectively.

when your system is not working it is the only place to go to get it fixed. I did want to say the hold time was crazy I think i was on hold 25 minutes and this was at 7:30 am est. It took an hour to resolve my problem but that was not Al Coles fault we just had to do alot with the Zscaler and since he could not remote in he had to be very patient with me, my phone was cutting in and out some so it was a struggle but he was courteous and professional the whole time.

helpfulk and nice

Once someone responded to my issue, it was resolved quickly and completely

Prompt response and resolution.

.Very good Support team resolve problem instant

Al was very knowledgeable & helped me get connected when 2 other IT people could not help me.

Although the ticket took a while to be addressed, once it was communicated that it was a lost ticket the issue was handled quickly and with kindness.

Both representatives that I worked with Christopher Prieto and Keith Bland were very helpful.

Chaitanya Velpula was exceptional in how he handled my/our problem. Many thanks to him.

Chris was incredibly helpful and easy to work with.

Christopher was very proactive and solved all my problem very fast

Clarifying questions asked by Tier 1 Brian helped him understand the impact of the issue. VERY prompt communication and engagement from Tier 2 Selam, walked with me through issue and root cause. Great follow-up this morning to ensure fix resolved front-line facing issue!

Clearly communicated to me what she needed to resolve the issue. Resolved it almost immediately and saved hours of work from being lost.

Comment: There were several references to use the help hub portal and that the phone number would be going away. I would highly suggest to keep the phone number, because my token was not working I was unable to connect to the hub portal and the only way to contact the help desk was using the phone number due to unable to get on to computer. However, the agent was very helpful and assisted me in how to change my token so that I could log on. Thank you.

Courteous, friendly, fast, accurate.

Dominick was super helpful and patient, through all of the issues I was having! I appreciated his demeanor, problem solving and not making me feel stupid, even thought I am sure some of my questions were questionable haha! Thank you, Dominick!

Evan Salvati recognized my problem right away and was able to solve the issue promptly.

Excellent and very patient! Thank you!

Fast and friendly!!

fix quickly

Fixed problem quickly and showed me how to do it myself

fixed the problem quickly, very friendly & supportive

fixed the problem very quickly

Friendly and very helpful

Getting my IE up and running for my WorkBench & Guidewire programs to work

Good customer service.

Great job. Thanks for your help.

Great response in handling the issue at hand. Follow-up was great in making sure the issue had been resolved. .

He knew what he was doing and for the most part solved my problem. Now I just need my new order for Adobe Pro DC to be approved to install. Thats another problem.

He was able to unlock my systems that I had gotten locked out of very quickly

He was awesome, resolved my issue. Thank you!

He was fantastic! So patient and knowledgeable!!!

He was great! He didnt pass it along when found out he did not have the proper authorization, he contacted whom was needed and got it reset for me! No inconvenience to me at all! He was great!

He was really tech savvy

he was very courteous when I was notable very upset with my technical disruption. I appreciate him understanding and maintaining his patience

He was very efficient, professional and personable. Thank you so much for fixing my printer so fast!

He was very pleasant and explained everything that he needed me to do as we were walking through the process.

Helped get Laptop setup so that I could work

Helped make a suggested that worked perfectly! Thank you so much for all your help! So much appreciated!

helped me!

Helped with the install of a program and assisted in changing my password to sync with all my programs

Helpful, friendly and solved my issue.

INC000010106220 Lex Trevino was the rep that resolved the issue after two attempts and he alone should receive credit .His knowledge was invaluable in resolving. I only wish that I had him on the first call because this would have saved about 1 hours time in fixing. Phalina Lockett has a great employee that is very efficient. Thanks Lex!

Issues was resolved quickly.

IT support person was very helpful in diagnosing what the issue was and trying to find a resolution.

IT tried everything possible to fix my headset issue but it was not fixed. I ended up going to TM and picking up another. He tried everything possible. Headset is dead

It was a simple issue but service was good.

Jack was great, and immediately fixed all my issues.

Jack was very patient with all of my questions and was able to resolve my issue quickly

Jagan Devan provided a quick response to my request and helped me to solve the issue. Thanks!

Jen Ashcroft was able to assist me in getting my computer to operate so I could sign in. Well done, Jen!

Jennifer was great

Jessica was very friendly and was able to resolve my matter in a timely professional manner.

Just nice, patient, friendly and stayed on with me to make sure everything was working. He was great!!

Keith Bland was great to work with. Kept me up to date and informed the whole way.

Knew exactly how to solve issue

Knew exactly what the issue was and how to fix it.

LA RAPIDEZ Y EFICACIA EN LA RESOLUCION

Listened and identified the issue.

listened looked and addressed

Michael Craft really made it easy for me. I know that in recent weeks, LM has been transitioning to end the helpdesk phone number, but I must say, with this kind of after hours technical knowhow and spirited service, I feel fortunate for Michael and the entire team. Mahalo nui

My issue was with an old legacy system and IT support knew exactly what to do and how to resolve without a lot of explanation from me.

MY issue with some applications not launching was resolved in a timely manner.

n

Nathan allowed me to show him my error and what I tried to do first to fix the problem

None

nothhing

nothing

Perfect solution, very expedient in addressing my need.

personable

pleasant, solution oriented fixed problem

Problem resolved! Thank You.

Professional, patient and fixed the issue quickly.

Provided a quick solution as well as tips for how to prevent this in the future.

Quick and effective resolution!

Quick resolution

Quick resolution of problems.

Quick response and knew what the problem was at first glance.

quick service

Quickly

Quickly helped me with my problem.

Rápida atención y resolución

Responsiveness and ability to resolve my issue.

Ser rápido y eficiente

SHE HELPED ME UNLOCK A POLICY THAT HAD A SYSTEM ISSUE AND COULD NOT BE BOUND

She was eager to assist and help.

she was so fast and efficient ; very friendly

She was very helpful & quick at fixing my problem! Very professional.

She went beyond and I appreciate her patience.

Solucionaron el problema muy rápido.

Solved the issue promptly

solved the issue!

Susan Hartwig was great with communication, etc.

Taylor Gerrish is fantastic! Addressed my issue very thoroughly, explaining everything in detail along the way. Much appreciated!

Taylor is personable and knowledgeable. He was great (BOOM!). Thank you very much.

Team was able to understand the issue quickly and provided regular status check until the issue got resolved.

Tech did a great job

Thank you!!!

The analyst or technician was exceedingly friendly and was able to get up and running pronto.

The individuals that I worked with went above and beyond to assist with what I needed.

The person I spoke to quickly resolved the problem I was experiencing and they were professional and friendly.

The person I spoke with was extremely knowledgeable and helpful. The IT support person made sure my issue was fully resolved after providing a remedy and took extra steps to make sure it was done in a timely fashion.

the person who helped me, Gary, was knowledgeable, timely and very helpful.

The specific person who helped me, Paul Sauer, was extremely kind, patient, and helped walk me through everything I needed. He also really seemed to know his stuff, which was extremely helpful. I called with one problem and ended up solving two just because he helped me fix a couple of other things, which was awesome.

the technicians patience with someone who is technologically challenged was greatly appreciated

There were multiple steps Pamela helped me first she unlocked my account, second she set up Microsoft authenticator and explain how it can be beneficial for me and third she was very quick in resolving my issues!

they actually showed me how to completed the task and sent instructions via email for future reference

They are great with customer service!

They fixed my issues with minimal lose of productivity and were professional and courteous

They fixed my problem in about two minutes flat! Amazing work!

They were helpful and resolved the issue quickly.

They were very courteous and thorough!

They were very friendly and provided a quick resolution to my issue.

They worked diligently to solve the issue as soon as they could.

They worked quickly to get my request settled!

Tiffany did an excellent job of resolving my issue :)

understood and fixed my issue quickly, Stayed on until we could verify properly

understood the issue, knew how to resolve, explained in terms I could understand, friendly, kind

Very courteous and helpful

Very helpful and friendly!

Very patient, worked with me through a few alternative solutions and stayed with me until it was solved. Wonderful! (Technician was Tiffany Sullivan)

Very quick response and resolution !!!

Very responsive even though it was a not a major incident. Asked appropriate questions to ensure the issue resolved correctly.

Walter Black was professional and was able to address my matter quickly and efficiently. JD Plourde followed up promptly and our tech issue was fixed and minimized the loss of new business policies.

Working with me to get my sign on info resolved. Patient and friendly.

Zero wait time this morning, timely resolution, and excellent communication from the Help Desk rep.

we need help at one time or another this was just one or many times I have reached out normally I am very satisfied. Another issue is HD says we are changing our phone contact yet they dont offer what the updated number is or exactly when the 888 number will be discontinued. I hate to see our customer service to our own employees go down hill

Polite, very friendly and down to earth. Even advised ways to make a new pswd combination.

resolved issue very timely once engaged

Theres really no other option.

A good track record. This time there may have been a backlog of issues. I continue to have confidence.

No he recibido el soporte y aún no tengo el acceso solicitado.

IT Support is our only option

Call connecting time should be short

good support

the wait time was 31 mins before I spoke w/Sebastian - Crazy!!! How are we supposed to be there for our clients when it takes so long to get help from the help line. We definitely need to hire more IT reps!! :)

Knowing what the issue probably was and happily made adjustments to my laptop as a result

Once they go on the call they quickly resolved my issue of being locked out of my account. I did experience a long wait time to get to speak with IT support.

password of the correct platform was reset in a short time period

Prompt response

provided a quick fix and friendly assistance

The first time I called the tech had an Android phone. When dealing with an employee with an iPhone that was completely useless. This second tech person was great. Not only did he have an iPhone, but he understood the problem immediately and solved it quickly. I suggest when trying to deal with the MobileIron issues, you send any iPhone issues to someone who uses an iPhone. Otherwise, that first call was a total and lengthy waste of time.

The problem is solved

was very responsive and addressed the issue

When I was able to talk to someone the issue was resolved. The chat process is not efficient

They got my connection working. I cannot work without it.

Gave me the ticket # I asked for, late at night, so I could finish my task.

no one else to refer company system issues to

Didnt feel rushed

I have no other choice ;)

 Efficient service. Good understanding of the issue and quick resolution.

Active listening and great engagement; and he went the extra mile for me. Nice job!

Alex Strong had my issue resolved in no time. I was also able to advise a Team Member how to resolve the problem when they had the same issue arise later that day.

Always helpful, kind and very knowledgeable. Thanks so much!

As stated previously, on a recent survey, IT has consistently been professional, timely and able to keep things running for myself and my team. They make things easy and I appreciate the patience they have on a consistent basis as well. Thanks for the great work IT does!

Assisted me. Appeared to want to me. Spoke in a polite and courteous manner.

Austin was fast, friendly and efficient!

Austin was very empathetic and willing to try different things to resolve the issue. He didnt just tell me I needed to go to level 2. He tried everything he could and he was able to figure out the issue. He had to think outside of the box and he was quick to adapt.

Clearly understood the issue and resolved as promised.

Colin was patient and knowledgeable. Most of all, he made getting my new lap top working fun and less stressful. Yes, I said FUN. Thank you COLIN !

Colin was very professional and reached out to make everything work for my new computer. He was also very kind and empathetic.

complted the fix for me on the call

Daniel continued to keep after the issue until it was resolved.

Danielle was kind and extremely knowledgeable. She was able to help me solve the problem rapidly and allow me to continue connecting with customers.

Dealt with my problem with the usual efficiency.

Discovered the fix and implemented it quickly.

Dominick knew exactly what the issue is and very quickly addressed it so I can start my day.

easy/clear instructions to walk me through issue to resolution.

Ensured everything was up to date to ensure they made the appropriate recommendation.

Evan was very professional and understanding of what I was needing

Even though I had a 15 minute wait, he knew exactly what the issue was and worked with me to correct. Great Service.

excellent service and a prompt resolution, When I followed back up with the IT support rep after we had basically completed everything, he helped me answer a few quick questions.

Fast solution to my problem

Figured out the correct docking station to order

fixed issue in a few minutes

Fixed my issue quickly over chat. It was nice to be able to interact that way rather than a phone call.

fixed outlook

Friendly, professional, fast service.

friendly. capable. new exactly what to do. actually, that doesnt happen all that much with T1. mostly cuz Im on a mac

Gage Van Doom is about the best type of help you can get anywhere. Hes an asset to your organization and a pleasure to talk to. Thank you for the help.

good

Got the issue resolved quickly.

He fixed the problem in about 10 seconds. I appreciate the quick service and the professionalism.

He got my laptop set up, with great customer service

He got my screens to show 3 different things in less than 5 minutes. quick and efficient

He knew exactly what was happening and what to do to correct it.

He was efficient in finding the results

He was knowledgeable and able to fix the issue without having to escalate the problem.

He was quick and friendly - turned out it wasnt an issue I was having, but with the application. But what I really appreciated was, he followed up with me and checked with me a couple of times later. That was GREAT customer service!

He was understanding.

He was very friendly, knew exactly how to resolve the issue I was having.

helped quickly

Honestly, every time I interact with IT, and please note that prior to my current role as a nurse, I was an IT, they are on top of their game and quick to solve issues. I appreciate the courtesy, timeliness and attention to detail for not only my requests, but for my staff as well. Great job as always!

Hopefully put a stop to me receiving notification e-mails about a duplicate device registered to me

I am a new employee and was unable to login to my laptop for the first time, I needed to go to the office and connect to the hard wire. Derek Gomes was very polite and very thorough, he reached to me to make sure my issue was resolved. Great follow up and a great first impression for a new employee! Kudos to Derek :)

I am very grateful for the help I was given this morning from the Help Desk. All issues were fixed completely and professionally. Monday mornings are tough enough without having computer issues but one call to the Help Desk was all that was necessary. I am very grateful and pleased to say the least!!!

I appreciate being able to get IT help on a Sunday. The rep that helped me was patient and explained everything to me. He made the tech issue so much easier to solve. Thank you!

I love the chat feature and Rita Chen is always amazing and fixes all my issues.

I love the HelpDesk. I wish I had a HelpDesk at home. It is so nice to be able to speak with a human and to be able to show them them issue. The absolute worst experience is being given a link to a bunch of barely comprehensible instructions written in IT-speak. I can usually follow those if I print them out but I dont have a printer at home, so thats not possible.

IMd me and fixed my resolution in under 2 minutes.

In person one on one help.

Issue was sorted extremely quickly. Call lasted 2 minutes and 3 seconds.

It fulfilled my requirement

just being very helpful and knowledgeable about my issue and what to do. thank you

Justin Murphy was very knowledgeable and provided great directions and additional information to help avoid future issues.

knew exactly how to resolve my issue and did it quickly.

Listened to my issue, and tired several options to fix it.

Listened to my problem and quickly resolved it.

Lorraine was very helpful and got me up and running within a few minutes. Great customer service and very knowledgeable.

Made me feel very at ease and that it wasnt a bother to call for help unlike some that you feel like you are bothering them when asking for assistance.

My call was answered quickly and problem addressed right away. My total call time was 5 minutes.

None

None

Not only did she resolve my problem, but she was kind and patient. When you are on a call that you know will impact your call times, yet you still make the customers issue a priority, that is great service. Customers want to feel important, not rushed and they want to work with someone who shows they are committed to helping you. She should get a raise!

patiently understood the issue and took logical steps to resolve it.

Paul was friendly, patient with me and super informative

Proactive help to solve my IT issue

PROMPT RESOLUTION TO THE PROBLEM

Provided a friendly and efficient response to my problem

Quick and profesional answer

Quick fix

Quick follow up and resolution

Quick resolution to my issue with pulse secure which was preventing me from connecting and being able to do my work.

quick resolution, text-based interaction.

quickly identified the problem

quickly solved my problem of getting access to my share drive

Rápida compreensão do problema e resposta imediata e eficaz. gostei de ter solicitado verificação e confirmação de resolução antes de desligada a chamada.

Really quick turnaround on shipping a new laptop.

Renee understood the problem and fixed the issue in a short amount of time. She was very professional and courteous.

resolved my issue efficiently

resolved my issue in a timely manner

resolved my issue without being able to network to my laptop. Very professional. Thank you Jonathan.

Robin always knows exactly what to do

Sean did a great job of understanding my issue and resolving it quickly. Prior to Sean it took several days, multiple phone calls and incorrect solutions.

Sebastian helped to troubleshoot the loading of Adobe Acrobat after a few failed attempts in the days preceding. He also followed up the next day to make sure installation occurred.

she stayed on the line w/ me until I was able to get my computer going.

She was very patient while assisting.

Simply understood and fixed the problem

Solved my issue

solved my issue very quickly

Solved my problem directly and quickly.

Solved my problem with Pulse Secure.

Solved the problem within 2:00 of taking the call

Strong, fast, knowledgable support that resolved the issue.

su efectividad y profesionalismo

Thank you for walking me through how to fix this in the future! Great Customer Service!

Thank you IT team everyone helped on this issue. I really appreciate.it One suggestion if you can communicate in between of any updates helps as to how long It will be down. as always you guys are amazing to resolve with any system issue. Thank you Arun, Ashwini , Lesia and others.

thanks for support during a Sunday much appreciated

The issue was resolved quickly and easily over the phone.

The IT support organization was extremely responsive and capable of understanding the problem, addressing it timely, and helping to ensure it will not be an issue in the future

The IT support person was very friendly, patient and helped me get my issue resolved and helped with something else as well that may have been the underlying issue.

The new laptop was so easy to set up! I really appreciated that. The last time I received a new computer it was a much more lengthy process to download all programs etc.

the rep responded to my concern and was able to take care of the issue in its entirety!

The rep was very nice and thats not always the case. The rep also resolved my issue and there isnt a need for callback (which I do understand some issues need to be escalated and thats not the fault of rep). The personality of the rep is almost more important to me than anything else.

The representative took the time to read other problems I had in the past and provided her resolution using that information. Since that call I have not had an issues!

The representative was very professional, knowledgeable and solution driven

the tech was very helpful and was able to resolve my issue very quickly

THEIR FAST RESPONSE TO THE ISSUE.

They are very humble and supportive. Gave solution soo quickly

They just resolve queries so quickly, you only have to log a ticket and someone contacts you almost immediately

They understood my issue and provided me with a solution which in tern aided with our deliverable...

They were courteous, prompt and effective is resolving my issue.

They were extremely efficient

they were patient, and quick to correct my problem and explain the situation to me

They were very knowledgable, had the right on the call and resolved quickly.

This rep was very helpful and got access for two of my new hires in 2 different systems.

tiempos de respuesta para conexión en vpn

Took care of it quickly for me to get back onto the phones

Took ownership of the issue.

Very friendly and efficient

Very friendly, helpful and resolved my issue 100%

Very Kind and Helpful.

Very Kind and Helpful.

Very professional and helpful! Fixed the issue very quickly with very little effort on my part

Very professional and walked me through everything.

very thorough

VPN resolution

Stayed on call when I identified an issue with the resolution and walked me through the steps.

The representative who assisted me was very friendly and professional. Even though he had to escalate the issue he discussed the next steps and tried to address the issue himself before having to escalate it. He did a great job!

got the job done

Quick and efficient.

Fixed my problem. Why did we not receive any formal notice (not My COnnections) that the Help Desk number changed? Poor customer service there.

Didnt give up until he solved my problem. Was nice and patient.

have understood the issues and provided rapid solution

Nicholas stayed with me the entire time while troubleshooting, he was patient and willing to explore other options to find roof cause! He was very personable and did a great job explaining to me the steps/actions he took. Thanks Nicholas!

in the end, it was helpful

Always the best service when having to call in with quick resolutions.

awesome work per usual

Ed was great!

Friendly and knowledgeable.

good communication

How can one NOT love the IT Fairy?!

Laura immediately understood my issues and checked how fixed they were and followed up immediately. Great job and thanks!

Patience, Helpfulness and Effectiveness

quick resolution to locked account

quickly found the problem

quickly resolved

Resolving any issues and requests

Ricky was very helpful!

Solved my issue immediately...

They were courteous and responsive. Understood my issue and promptly helped me.

Very Quick with resolving issues. Time effective as well.

Pamela Thornton, was very help full in understanding my issue. The Issue with ATWork already had a ticket. Pam attached me to the ticket. I received an e-mail that the issued had been resolved. I was still not able to get in ATWork. I sent Pam a Chat. she was able to tell me It will be fixed in 1.50 hr. the Resloved ticket did not say that. Better information on the Resolved ticket sure would have been nice.

fast prompt password reset

good

immediate resolution

Installed a program that I needed.

Issue resolved quickly and efficiently

Listened, patient and resolved the issue.

New computer

Quick resolution to problem.

resolution provided very fastly

she was very helpful and fixed my issue the only thing is since this update my sticky notes dont stay put and it is slowing down my calls i have them to make my calls accurate and faster only downfall but that is not the reps fault

Solved my IT problem.

there are a lot of steps to get ready for ERO and Ive had to reach out to many groups with questions, etc. and I was so pleased to get a quick resolution to this Outlook issue. Miquel was pleasant, clear, and actually submitted the RIT for me and then explained next steps. Miquels superior service allowed me to quickly cross off an ERO todo item on a Saturday morning.

Very nice and helped me with my problem. Even though I just needed to be patient, he was very nice about it.

PLEASE REFER TO MY PREVIOUS COMMENT

I have always had great experiences with LMI IT in the past.

Immediate solution

Quick and correct. Reached out over Teams to ensure clear communication.

Rapidez y amabilidad

SHE FIXED MY ISSUE. ALTHOUGH THERE SHOULDNT HAVE BEEN ONE TO BEGIN W/ THIS IS A BRAND NEW COMPUTER AND WHOEVER SET IT UP DID NOT DO IT CORRECTLY. THEY LEFT SEVERAL APPS OFF WHICH CREATED MORE WORK FOR EVERYONE ELSE

show me other ways to solve my problem

Solves the issue quickly.

Super quick resolution (within 2 hours) vs. a day or two.

They were able to get my laptop turned on.

Tom was very professional, kind, and kept me updated throughout the whole process.

TY

Addressed issue immediately

Alex Jameson is very responsive and helpful. Hes the best!

always professional, prompt and very helpful!

Atención, cortesia y solución

Atencion y rapidez en la solucion del problema

Awesome support.. Thank you!

DAYNA, resolved my issue! thank you!!

Dillon was very helpful and answered my question quickly. We were having phone connectivity problems and he had an immediate solution.

Dwight was SUPER Awesome

Easy. Quick. Productive and helpful. Thank you

Efficient

Efficient and friendly help by Sophie.

Excellent

Fast and efficient

Fast and efficient, professional and friendly. took the time to explain the situation

Fix my problem with printer.

fixed the issue

fixed the issue

Friendliness, courtesy and professionalism. Thank you.

Gary was great. He was responsive and resolved my issue quickly

Graham Hayslip was very patient and persistent to fix my issues. When we had to restart a few times and I lost him, he reached out immediately to continue to resolve the issue. Very professional, polite, and excellent customer service!

Handled issue quickly and professionally

Handled issues with alacrity, courtesy and clarity and a little humor.

handled the issue so that I could print from the cloud again - very timely

Harihranan was great

He assessed my problem and solved it very quickly.

he knew exactly how to resolve my issue

He was able to find a solution to my problem, was patient and explained the actions he was performing step by step.

He was able to fix the problem with my VPN connection from an update. I was loosing valuable part of my workday until his assistance ............Thanks

He was professional and attentive. Most importantly, resolved the problem that I had.

Helped me to resolve the problem

Holly was amazing! Very detailed and gave me great info on how I could navigate the Tech Hub online for future issues and she never mad me feel as I was a bother! She is a great asset to LM Tech/support team!

Holly was amazingly thorough, patient and kind. I cant thank her enough! My problem was resolved in an efficient, fast and friendly way. She was able to speak in lay terms so I could understand how to walk through the problem solving steps. Much, much appreciated.

I have had an ongoing problem and this person took the time to try multiple things and to not give up until resolved

I received evidence and support on time to understand and fix the issue with Outlook

I requested new storage for my VM and Nick was able to resolve my request speedily and without issue.

I used the chat feature and it was so easy. I was able to do other things while they remoted into my system and it was just easier to do it via chat vs phone. I felt like I wasnt waiting a lot of time when it feels that way on the phone, even though it is the same amount of time.

IT person that assisted me in resolving the issue was quick, courteous and resolved the issue over the phone, awesome

IT rep was very pleasant and resolved my issue. Thank you for all your help!

Jack did a great job resolving my issue very quickly.

Just listened and worked with me.

Justin M was courteous, patient, explained what he was doing and why. Justin M answered my qustions and resolved my issues.

Kapil went beyond doing the bare minimum to answer my query. He took the time to understand my request and provided useful advice - thanks!

Knowledgeable, Nice and efficient

Kyle Libby was fantastic in keeping me updated on the progress of my ticket!! He followed up after it was resolved to make sure it was working and really seemed to care. Kuddos to Kyle!

Leonard was extremely helpful!

Leonard was extremely knowledgeable. I wish I could request him for all of my IT needs.

Mike was very knowledgeable, professional and provided excellent customer service!

None

osm

outstanding response, very professional, very patient

Professional and quick resolution

prompt answering call and then made quick assessment and recommendation. Did not solve problem given Liberty restriction on use of DropBox application.

Provided a quick fix!

quick & easy

Quick identification of issue and then resolution.

Quick job great easy

Quick resolution

Quick response and great service!

Quick, courteous and extremely knowledgeable

Rawlings was so very kind, patient and engaging during the issue with Teams on my company issue cell. During the time he took to help me resolve the problem we talked and laughed together. It makes for a nicer experience and allows for us to get to know one another. Just a great experience. Thank you!!

Reactivity

Resolved my problem in an efficient friendly manner.

Resolved the issue quickly and professionally.

solucion del problema, en la misma llamada con mucha eficiencia

Solved an issue very quickly

Solved my problem in a reasonable amount of time

Support specialist was very helpful, easy to talk to, followed up until issue was resolved. Made the experience easy.

taylor is great i really love working with him

Team chat screen frozen. Easy fix for IT. Hair pulling for me, prior. Kudos to IT!

The IT guy that I spoke to was awesome and amazing. He knew his stuff and was super friendly and nice about it. Couldnt have asked for better service!

The IT rep that handled my issue, Craig Thompson was awesome. Would for sure recommend him.

THE IT REPRESENTATIVE WAS VERY PROFESSIONAL AND WALKED ME THROUGH WHAT TO DO TO FIX MY CONNECTION ISSUES. HE MADE IT EASY TO UNDERSTAND AND MADE SURE I WAS FOLLOWING ALONG.

The IT team is very efficient and understanding. The only problem I encountered was with the IT teams inability to help me with JIRA tickets. The IT team does not handle JIRA issues so it can be confusing for both of us. Nonetheless, they have still helped me with JIRA tickets in the past which I appreciate.

They understood the issue right away and had a solution for it that worked quickly.

they were able to find root cause and assist me in guiding me during my desktop transfer, they stayed on the line until I was comfortable with my laptop reimage.

This was my third time over the course of a week to reach out in order to gain the first account access to my account. I was unable to perform self-service options because I was never able to successfully login and set up my security questions. I explained it was sent previously via email but I was unable to open the encrypted rpmsg type of file. They also tried to email it to my manager because this is my first time being set up in the system for a login I wasnt even contracted yet. This agent was able to stay on the phone with me until it was resolved and I set up the security questions.

understanding, responsive and professional

Understood the issues and corrected promptly and efficiently. Super friendly. Great to work with

Very courteous and resolved my issue in a short amount of time.

Very detailed and helpful.

very friendly, professional rep and ease of handling issue.

Very friendly/personable and knowledgeable.

Very helpful, although problem was not resolved

Very pleasant, was familiar with the issue and fixed it in good time.

Very professional and knowledgeable.

Very professional and patient with me while we worked through the problem. He was extremely easy to deal with and so very helpful!

Was a pretty unique problem and they were able to resolve it in < 24 hours

Was very patient and supportive

She was professional

Even if the issue is still pending on solution, the agent is still working on it. And I feel they are doing their best to find the root of this problem. The communication has been fluid and Im informed on every step of the process.

Issue was resolved immediately but wait/hold times before a tech answers is long.Issue was resolved immediately but wa

Twillio team maybe they could have released call earlier so that I caould get back on calls.

A Situação foi detectada, mas o problema persiste.

Completely fixed the token problem.

courteous and quick in solving the issue

quick response

Representative was courteous, efficient and patient.

Resolução do problema

Resolved the issue in a timely fashion. His first inclination as to the problem was correct.

They resolved the issue satisfactorily

They were able to resolve my issue quickly.

was able to recognize the issue was global involving several users.

They used all the tools at their disposal to resolve my problem as soon as possible.

.

.

Able to address problem in a speedy manner

Address issue efficiently

All good.

all well

all well

Answered the call quickly and answered my question right away.

Austin was very nice, friendly, answered my questions willing to help in any way that he could he was patient, explained why I had an issue took his time and resolved my issue and tested it with me to make sure it was working ok. Great customer service.

AWESOME

built a work around while issue is being addressed

Christopher was amazing- quickly troubleshooted, fixed issue and at same time explained what was wrong. He has provided me with the tools to do my job :) Thank you!

Communication

Courteous and resolved easily

Cross-checked for open tickets and gave me the relevant information to get back up and running.

Dominick was very helpful, explained the situation & how he was fixing it

Domonick stayed with me throughout the process to make sure it was all resolved

efficient resolution of the issue with professional and courteous communication

Escalated Level 1 ticket to Level 2 offshore support. Ticket was completed same day.

Everything was resolved as needed

Fast resolution of the issue

fixed my issue in Outlook in a timely manner.

good

good

good service

group email access permission.

He helped me install the correct zoom application and confirmed i could join the meeting. He also shared the link so I could help others if needed. Thanks!

He installed the printer driver. And he also solved an issue I had with Adobe Pro.

He was efficient, knowledgeable, and understanding of my time and what I needed.

He was extremely knowledgeable, was able to target the problem immediately and fix my technical issues quickly. He was also a pleasure to work with and explained the process as he was working, so I have a greater understanding of the workings of my own computer for future reference. Frankly, he was the best technical support person I have ever worked with, and I have been an attorney for thirty years. A testament to his great work!

He was fast and friendly

he was professional, friendly and knowledgable

Helped me understand my user error.

His quick to respond approach, easy to follow instructions, and his follow up.

I had called about the same issue last week and was told it was going to take a long time, the IT employee seemed annoyed and so I said I would just call back this week. When I called today, Jack was so helpful and it took far less time than what the prior person had indicated.

I really liked that IT was able to message about the issue and then remote in my computer to trouble shoot. Then IT was very clear on the timelines for the different stages of fixes/updates they were completing. I was also advised on what step tp take incase the app failed to launch the next day.

I submitted my issue through the online helpdesk ticket system late yesterday afternoon and the issue was solved when I came into work this morning.

I was struggling to get the issue resolved, the L2 rep resolved it within minutes!! :)

installed software for my rinter

IT is always helpful and know exactly what I need, even if I dont communicate it well :)

It was an amazing interaction and the issue was handled well.

IT was very helpful on the phone. I first tried the Chat and that experience was horrible.

It was very patient while listening and allowing me to correct the problem

Kept me informed of the process and acted quickly to solve the issue.

kind, freindly

Knew immediately what to do and took care of the problem

knowledge in issue and very pleasant

Kyle was patient. Sometimes I call the help desk and get attitude or someone who thinks they know it all. He didnt do that. Very much appreciated that, especially since I was a bit stressed with having a 3 year in the room at the time.

Leonard right away knew my problem, how to fix it and he offered me a better solution for future use. He also noticed a few settings on my desktop when he was remote working on it and offered suggestions to update them so everything was more user friendly. I genuinely appreciate how thoughtful and helpful he was.

Matthew sensed my frustration in choosing the correct browser (Explorer, Chrome or Edge) and helped me feel better about the situation.

Me llamaron y revisaron el problema al teléfono. Entendiendo el problema y ofreciendo alternativas, para una solución inmediata. Pero dichas alternativas no fueron necesaria porque consiguieron solucionar la incidencia.

My issue was fixed in a very quickly.

my keyboard was locked and nothing worked. She was able to find the solution

My system was running super slow since two days and it got resolved in just one call. My work was hampered but now all seems good. Thank you

Nicholas West was AWESOME!! I just received my laptop today as a person being newly on-boarded. I spent the better part of the evening trying to follow the instructions provided which are not the best in my opinion. Ready to give up, I decided to call the help desk to see if they could lend assistance. Not only was Nicholas able to correct the issue I was having, he was also able to assist me with an RSA issue as well. And....he did this in a very short amount of time. He should be commended for his dedication and abilities in doing what is sometimes a thankless job.

Pamela, was very nice and friendly

Patient and professional on the phone with me in resolving a frustrating technical issue.

Patient and was willing to explain the issue for future reference.

Patrick Moran did a fantastic job at handling my problem. There has been an ongoing issue with my new phone being disabled. I have had it for 2-3 months, but no one could get it working. It took us 2 different sessions to get it done, (thru no fault of his), but he did it. I have worked with several people on this, so I was very appreciative of his patience and expertise. He is also very approachable and polite. He is a Saint who deserves a raise!

Persisted with solutioning even when Vender was slow with support ticket response.

Personable, professional and quickly determined what the issue was and got right to business

Por eficiencia, amabilidad y decisión de ayudar.

Professional, knowledgeable, courteous and quickly resolved the problem

prompt, professional, knowledgeable, friendly and quick resolution

Provided a timely answer in a very courteous manner.

Quick and easy solution

quick resolution to my monitor issues.

Really good service and easy to communicate

Removed blockers so I can do my job

Reset it and gave me a different password

Resolved issue

Resolved my issue behind the scenes without having me stay on the line for lengthy time while they worked on the issue. The IT rep kept me informed throughout.

Resolved my issue in a matter of minutes.

Resolved my problem and answered my questions.

Resolved the issue even though it required multiple steps from their end.

Resolved the issue timely. She was very patient and provided good direction to me to resolve the issue.

Responded quickly and easily identified the issue.

Robbie was very efficient and knowledgeable. He resolved my issue in a very timely and professional manner.

Robbie was very helpful in resolving my issue, and he not only helped completed setup for Slack on my workstation but also my VDE. He took the time to make sure that everything was working properly, as well, offer to teach me more about Slack.

She resolved my issue and was very friendly.

She was courteous, listened and worked quickly.

She was friendly, knowledgeable, and efficient in resolving my issue. Great job and thank you!

She was great, we are still working on the issue.

She was outstanding

She was very patient and helped work through why I was not able to be connected.

solucion

Some people I work with have had some issues getting the work around for a password situation in IMS Passport. Gage, knew exactly what to do and had me fixed up in no time. Great job, This is the way.

Sophia was very helpful and quick in diagnosing the problem and figuring out the solution to fix it.

sorted my problem in about two seconds.

Thank you all went great

Thank you Sarvesh!

the issue was known and agent took care of it

The IT representative was very friendly and professional. She took the time to listen to my concerns and walk me through the multi-step process to resolve the issue. She is a great example of customer service and I hope to work with her on any future IT related issues.

the It support was super nice and advised me what was going on in a way that I can understand

the person really put interest in having my issue sorted out, tried different options and was into it

The solved the problem quickly and knew what was needed to remedy the problem

The technician did not make me feel like an idiot after the issue I called about seemed to correct itself when we brought it up on the call. He was very comforting and empathetic.

They understood the intricacies of the issue that I was having, and did not assume that I hadnt tried more basic solutions already.

They were extremely patient and knowledgeable.

Used chat for asynchronous communication. The application allowed me to update my own ticket. The one thing that could be improved that is outside the purvue of the helpdesk is that I cannot see the descriptions of the LDAP Groups I am attached to - Christopher was able to refer me to the email address of the group that can provide that information.

Very courteous and helpful

very efficient to solve the issues

Very friendly and knowledgeable.

Very helpful and kind. Tried different things to get my issue resolved and was able to complete the task.

very patient and provided information about a software update that may have caused the issue I was having.

Very polite and helpful

Walked me through the issue, explained the fix.

Was able to quickly identify the problem and where I needed to go next. I had the issues resolved in a very timely manner which allowed me to have access to things I was missing.

Solved the issue

Understood the issue and fixed the problem in one attempt.

Most of the time I get wonderful reps who help me. I will not bring down the Team for one moderate experience.

The phasing to a more chat based platform is fine, but my IT issues are typically the type that require a conversation over the phone. I do not mean this comment as a complaint, it is just my experience that the majority of my issues are not simple fixes so the virtual chat to begin the process is just one more layer to penetrate. That said, once I made contact with the person who gave final feedback on the issues she was great. So please take this feedback as commentary on the process and not the individual.

Stop closing tickets before the requestor confirms the issue has been resolved.

Clear communication, set expectations

even though it took a few hours to resolve, it was resolved, thats all that matters! good job guys!

Expertise and clear instructions for next steps

Got to my issues quickly

he was the only one to solve the printing issue from the virtual machine.

I found (and generally find with others) the rep to be knowledgeable and pleasant to work with despite the fact that they were ultimately unable to fix my video camera. Conclusion, it is a hardware issue / broken camera in the HP laptop.

provided next steps for a reinstallation of OS on a older machine

-

.

Active listening and engagement.

Allen Jackson fixed an issue that I have been having for a long time.

Answered my call quickly and resolved my issue right away.

Appraise it!

Being able to make a phone call and get help quickly and efficiently made a big impact in my HIGH rating. Please dont get rid of the phone access.

Cameron was great to work with. He understood the issues and helped me find a solution.

change my ID token

Christopher was awesome, appreciated his service!

Clear understanding and timely solution.

completed task

Corrected issue very quickly

Created work around for Pulse sign in. Matthew also told me how to address issue with my cell phone provider which caused problem in first place.

Evan was knowledgeable on the subject I was calling about and was able to resolve my issue quickly

Excellent customer service and knowledgeable. Resolved the issue very quickly.

excellent service

Extremely proactive response my issue was resolved in a matter of minutes.

facilitated access to applications required to fulfil compliance duties

Fast and efficient! Thank you

fixed my Audio issue and explained me the problems

fixed my issue

Fixed my issue promptly

Friendly, supportive, simple language making something complicated, easier for me

Gave me guidance on updating my browser default

good

Great customer support on the phone regarding an issue that was not documented in the digital resources. There are resources for stolen laptops that I referenced, but did not apply to this specific instance.

Great job!

He was quick, informative, friendly and understanding

He was very knowledgeable and was able to go straight to the issue and get it resolved quickly.

HE WS SUPER FAST

Help desk EE was professional, personable and knowledgeable. Resolved 3 separate issues in one call.

helped me & showed me the correct way to copy worksheets in an excel document that I needed to get a factor to apply to a policy premium

Helped me download certain required programs

I couldnt ask for better help thanks again Nicholas

I had issue provisioning an user account due to a corrupted AD record. Dustin helped me clear that right away so I can provision that agent user account. Really appreciate your quick help Dustin.

I was trying to find old docs/accolades team pictures from previous years on my old computer that didnt carry over through one drive. She helped me to log in. She was kind, Knowledgeable, and helpful.

Justin was efficient, friendly and knowledgeable, and very kind and helpful

Keith Bland was prompt, helpful and friendly! He did not give up on my frustrating problem and found a solution quickly! I have had some bad experiences with our IT department in the past, but IT Reps like him make my job easier and definitely eases my frustration when something is broken preventing me to complete my job!

Kimberly Turgeon used several methods to solve the problem. We discovered that the issue might have been caused by an outside source submitting info incorrectly and through testing solutions found a workaround. She was patient and thorough.

Knew exactly what I needed

Level 2 followed up with me almost immediately, explained the problem in a way I could understand as a non-technical user, and helped me understand the next steps - including how to fill out a form where I didnt know the answers to any of the questions. Just yesterday I got confirmation from the team Jordan pointed me to that they were able to solve my problem perfectly. While there were a few different steps I needed to take, mine was a unique problem and I was expecting I would have had to work a lot harder to find a solution. Thank you for making it easy and quick!

Noor is courteous, professional and follows through.

Not only did they help remedy the issue quickly so I could get back to my work, without even asking they explained why it happened and what to do if it happens in the future, making me feel more secure that I had the knowledge should the issue arise again.

Pamela resolved the application issue and provided instructions to my supervisor to resolve the other issue. Pamela was very friendly and have a great personality.

patience solved the issue

Patrick was very patient very friendly and overall best IT Ive had

professional, courteous, patient, took time to allow for my boss to approve access so that Lee Finn could continue to troubleshoot the issue.

Professional, understood the problem and corrected it in a timely manner

Prompt response

quick result

Rep was courteous and fixed my problem very quickly.

Rep was knowledgeable and fixed my issue. Note this was the second call regarding the issue. However, the first person did not fix my issue.

resolved my issue quickly

Resolved my issues quickly and they were very efficient.

Richard was very nice and patient in assisting me. I did appreciate the support

ser agil

She was very patient and helpful.

She was very professionable and personal !!!

Solved my problem quickly and made sure everything was ok.

Stayed with me to resolve sever underlying issues to my initial complaint. Got the job done!! very happy with the results, I can now do my work without long delays or unexplained non-functioning systems!

Super fast! Asked one follow up question and it was done! :)

The ability to engage with a live person/subject matter expert enhances employee experience.

The issue was addressed quickly. However, the UI for the Remedy ticket I had to open was awful. Please consider making a more intuitive UI for the Remedy ticket.

The IT Agent was very Effective, Efficient and Professional.

The lady was very helpful and really nice - People like that always make someone day brighter

The tech, whose name I forget, very efficiently diagnosed the problem by giving me clear instructions. She knew the macOS at expert level. I felt I was in good, knowledgable hands. Once the problem we diagnosed, she guided me through the solution by reinstalling the offending component. This tech is a very valuable member of the Liberty IT Support team and deserves Shine Points. Kudos!!!

They have great Patience level.

they knew it was an existing issue.

They knew what I needed and moved the ticket along to resolve the matter as quickly as possible.

They were able to figure out the issue and address the matter quickly and completely

very patient and listened to the issues, providing suggestions for future similar encounters

Very professional., pleasant, knowledgeable and efficient.

went above and beyond to help, very personable and friendly

Resolving

Nice treatment, kindness, symphathy

if the IT team has not doing his job role quickly we are facing trouble in every moment

Its time consuming getting a solution and someone to get assigned to level 2.

Offer more solutions or workaround on unresolved issues, or escalate rather than telling us there is nothing else they can do.

Com todo o respeito, por vezes, parece que a língua é um obstáculo. Ultimamente os meus pedidos são sempre intervencionados por espanha que parece, por vezes, que não entende o que pedimos, exigindo explicação do problema 2/3 vezes e atrasos na resolução dos mesmos.

It would be helpful if when you are purchasing a new laptop, there are more instructions on the site so we know exactly what everything means. In this case, I didnt know what restricted meant and the IT person who helped me explained it meant that the laptops were on back order.

Great attitude and willingness to help Very knowledgeable and problem solved immediately

I was helped by Ashley, not only was she quick to understand the issue but whatever she did seemed to fix the problem where previous IT calls on the same issue did not resolve the issue.

Pam Thornton was very personable and professional.

polite, listened to issue and resolved

She made recommendations on how to improve the documentation I was working from.

They quickly fixed my teams issue, much faster than I expected based on past Teams issues

Professional and caring.

10

A incidência reportada teve uma resolução rápida, atempada e eficaz

Alex is amazing. He listens to the problem and clarifies with brilliant questions as needed. He always goes above and beyond on his support to ensure the trouble we have wont return. I know he cannot be replaced but hire more like him and our IT problems would be solved forever!

Alex Longley did a great job helping me

All good!

always quick efficient and friendly

Austin was very personable, not only helped solve the problem, but talked about underlying issues that could have caused. very good,.

Breanna Moreau was great to work with on my issue (INC000010057705). She was able to send me a help article to allow me to do some additional troubleshooting myself before we did a screen-share. This was quite efficient, and it reduced the total screen-share time needed because I was able to do some of the prep work beforehand. Breanna was very professional, friendly, and provided great customer service. Thank you! - Mike Mizener

Curtis worked hard to resolve the issue and was flexible with my crazy schedule.

Danielle was very helpful in helping me resolve my issue. She listened to my concerns and proposed helpful solutions and next steps.

Derrick Listened to my issue and was able to resolve it quickly. Very nice person to deal with. A great employee. He is a keeper!

Eficacia

EFICIENCIA

Everything he was trained to do =) Great attitude and loved how he was open and ready to help with anything without any frustration.

Everything that I asked and in a timely matter. That is all you can ask for!

Excellent service start to a timely finish! Well done.

Excellent support ! Knew the issue and fixed it promptly ! So appreciative.

extremely polite and helpful - good experience thank you!

fast and help with the right solution

Fixed connectivity issue

Fixed my issue promptly

fixed my problem

Fixed my use quickly and give tips to resolve it if it ever happens again

Fixed the problem.

Friendly and quick!

friendly got the job done thank you

Friendly response with an efficient solution to the problem. Thanks!

Friendly, approach to my issues and was able to help me in a matter of minutes. Scott Gaglio was a great help and I appreciated it.

friendly, fixed the problem efficiently

Friendly, very courteous, professional and solved my issue.

Gave alternative for my issue. Thanks, Conor!

got the job quick & painless

Great service & very helpful!

he also assisted in downloading my teams, chrome as primary and token

He realized that my request was related to an already submitted request, support was able to link the tickets and it did not take to much time. The service was quick and efficient.

He understood the problem and went right to fixing it

He was very helpful and friendly.

He was very knowledgeable and helpful.

He was very understanding and helpful. He went above and beyond to make sure I have access needed and that all programs were working fine even though I had only called regarding a connection issue. Much appreciated it!

Helped fix the issue I was having....? of course

Hired Colin McHugh and has him in Level 2. He understood my problem and best way to correct multiple error issues. He called to check and see if the new computer had arrived and once it did I called him and he was able to walk me through set up and identify additional equipment that was needed and had to be ordered.

I appreciate the work the IT team put in to resolve the issue, fortunately the issue seems to have been resolved through another update from the time that the ticket was entered to when we started looking to record a specific instance.

I didnt think that I was explaining the situation correctly to her. But she understood and corrected the issue-Pulse Secure.

I like to talk with someone on the phone to explain the problem and get help. They have always been able to help me when I am able to call them on the phone

I was able to get Istar working on myb own but the IT support is very timely in reaching out to make sure my issues is resolved

issue promptly resolved + direct contact

IT customer support representatives ALWAYS help resolve my issues in a very timely manner. I need a human support person to help me from time to time. If I had the ability to resolve the issue myself, I would not call the IT help line.

IT support listens to the problem and knows where to look to fix the problem and advised me the location to check if problem occurs again.

IT team is the main source of our work

Jen Ashcraft was just fantastic --knew what the problems were and solved them quickly. allowed me to come back to her even though i had a ticket open with another technician (who was unavailable). very courteous and customer service oriented.

Just fast, helpful service with an immediate resolution.

Justin was patient, took the time to understand the issue first and fast resolution

La rapidez, efectividad y amabilidad

Listened and solved my problem, he even took care 2 other issue that I was have with my Outlook setup. He was good!

Loriann was very patient and helpful

Matthew stayed on the phone with me and made sure things were working as far as he could take them for now. He never talked down to me or over my head! It was a great experience.

Mr Lee Finn was very professional and patience with me. Due to update from Microsoft my computer was not working it all. He directed me how to get in and provided me all the steps and after my computer was up in running I was able to share my computer so he can make sure my computer was all set. Awesome Job !!

Muy eficiente y rápido, todo bien.

My problem was handled quickly. I suspect it was due to the late time of call (8:15 pm). Typically if the call is in the morning or during working hours, the wait is extremely long.

Nan was very understanding of the situation. She was courteous and empathetic. After a very frustrating start to my day, it was refreshing to have someone so pleasant on the other end of the phone.

Pam knew exactly how to resolve my request. She was super-friendly and helpful.

patient, answered all questions and made sure my computer was working to make it an effective work day

Patrick was amazing and figured out what my issue was and fix it immediately, Im very pleased

Paul was very thorough and made sure my problem was resolved before we ended our conversation.

Provided the info needed to submit the RIT

Quick and patient solution to for my printer/scanner issue.

quick resolution clear explanation very courteous

Quick resolution; Kind; Courteous; Professional

quick, efficient and able to problem solve

Quickly fixed issue and very friendly.

resolved issue and took all efforts to do so

resolved issue quickly

Seemed to be a very complex matter. Stuck with it and got it resolved!! Better than before!!

She listened to my concerns and ensured they were addressed prior to ending the call. She was very friendly and helpful

She was easy to work with and made things simple.

she was just amazing and stuck through the problem with me until it was resolved. Just fantastic.

She was supportive and worked to understand the problem.

She was very knowledgeable, friendly and helpful to me as a new employee.

She was very patient and helpful. Was able to easily resolve my issue in a quick manner.

Solved my issue

Swift solution

Taylor is a rock star

The IT Tech resolve the issue quickly and seemed to know exactly what the problem was without having to do a bunch of unnecessary steps or tasks. She was very friendly during the entire process.

the rep was very considerate and understood what I needed. He completed all my requests

The tech did a great job!!!

The technician worked diligently to determine the problem and an effective solution.

They fixed the issue.

They never gave up until there was a resolution and their communication was fantastic, constantly checking in with me as to the status of matters and inquiring as to whether or not the issue was resolved

They really listened to my experience as this has been a reoccurring issue. When they suggested a self-help solution that has not solved the issue in the past, I let them know that wasnt the right solution and they didnt push back on me like some have before. They actively listened to what I had to say and very politely got me the exact help I was looking for. It was a great and efficient experience!

They were able to quickly log me into the system and make sure all apps were working correctly.

they were ery timely and took me thru the process step by step

They worked quickly to resolve the problem & also provided next steps for my manager to complete.

timeliness, professionalism, ability to resolve issue.

took care of my issue in a single phone call and allowed me to jump right into my work.

Took time to solve the issue

Turnaround time for issue was quick, along with an IT rep confirming my issue was resolved.

Unlocked my account. Also, sent me a reference guide t o utilize should this issue happen again which I pinned to my desktop. You guys rock!

Very helpful and courteous

Very nice lady and she laughed at all my lame jokes.

Very polite and helpful

Very quick solution with no issues at all. Renee Thompson was excellent - very versed in known issues and got me up an running in minutes.

very thorough

virtual restart and reboot

Walked me through the process easily

was able to assist me with my issue

Was able to fix the issue and Sabastian was very professional and friendly.

Was able to reset my id

Wendy and Team did a great job in resolving the issue

Went extra steps to try and solve my problem even though it did not work they tried very hard.

He was very pleasant to work with. He was transparent. When he did not know how to do what I wanted the documents to do, he told me. We figured it out together.

Helped me resolve the issue once I was able to speak with someone - get help

Knew exactly what was going on & what to do about it.

Problem solved. I could not fix myself

dont like the new interface

Lower hold time.

timeliness

Be more proactive?

timeliness

Al trabajar desde casa, no utilizar Avaya y no poder conectarme a la VPN, sólo podía ponerme en contacto a través del teléfono usando el mío personal. Debería existir la posibilidad de contactar a través de Teams, por ejemplo, o una dirección de correo, ya que ambas aplicaciones funcionan sólo con Internet.

more staff to handle calls faster

Answered all my concerns

Answered all my concerns

Fast friendly and successful resolution.

fixed my problem

Helpdesk

Immediate and correct resolution on time

Quick resolution and good understanding of the system.

Resolveu a incidência de forma eficaz.

Response and Support

UNDERSTOOD AND RESOLVED ISSUE QUICKLY,VERY POLITELY AS WELL

very clear on the actions that were required and delivered a timely solution

very nice and helpful - I just wish there wasnt such a long wait time when I call

IT support does a fantastic job. the issue at hand is still in existence though

Most effective action taken

Great cust. service/professionalism, they get the problem solved and theyre the only option out there for LM.

professional/compassionate response

quick response

Checking for understanding of the customer concern. Providing recommendations and potential solutions.

.

after 2 other calls to IT HD this agent was finally able to resolve my issue

Alex helped get my news computer up and running and made sure all the applications I needed were installed and working, he was very responsive each time I had a question during the process.

Answered immediately and worked thru the problem with me. Very efficient!

Assist with setup.

Assisted above and beyond including pulling up an additional RIT form for my team and explaining how to complete it

Bridget was helpful and efficient in helping resolve my issue. It seems the igel device needs too much help and support. How much time (time is money) is spent overall with tech issues? I had a laptop for 2 or 3 years and hardly EVER called help desk. With the igel? Ive lost count on how often ive had to call. When issues happen, we (LM) are paying two people during the same window of time to get errors resolved.

Chris gave me his email so if the fix was unsuccessful, it was not, I could contact him directly to continue the work. This eliminated time in the queue. Great customer relationship skills!!

Chris Moon absolutely knew how to navigate me through the Mac set up. He was quick and efficient.

Chris was very friendly, listened well, and was very descriptive on how to navigate the screens I was looking at and the applications I was using.

Christopher Henry was super helpful and got my issue resolved - it was not an easy fix!

Colin was very knowledgeable and extremely helpful. Definitely showed care and concern in resolving things for me and answering questions I had.

consistent follow up until issue resolved, and provided additional contact info to move issue forward

Dan always made himself available and worked hard to fix my problems.

Daniel Hertig found the root of the problem and worked with my schedule to fix the issues. We schedule a follow up appointment that he saw me on line and let me know he was available. He made sure that he was quick and efficient with my time.

Danielle was extremely helpful, patient, and pleasant in helping resolve my problem

Dealt with issue. Didnt pass it off. Original attempt to resolve failed and rather than keep me on phone for hours, they stopped, adjusted, and recommended next steps. I felt like I was involved in the process. Overall great experience when compared to previous experiences.

defeated the Token system, so I could get in.

Dominic Gustin was wonderful-- very patient and helpful in resolving my issues

Dominick Gustin was VERY patient and supportive while working with me to set-up my new laptop. Despite some user issues on my end he stuck with me and helped find resolution to the issue(s).

Dominick Gustin was wonderful to work with!

Dominick Gustin was wonderful to work with. Patient and helpful in resolving the issue.

Dont ever take our IT support away.

efficient and done completed 1st time

EFICIENCIA

Excellent, patient, friendly, and creative support!

Exceptional service and issue resolved timely.

Extremely friendly and kept me informed throughout the process.

fast and easy resolution of my issue

fix my issue in a timely manner

Fix my problem

Fixed my issue quickly

Fixed my problem.. understood issue and worked to resolve it.

fixed the issue

Fixed the problem ASAP

Fixed the problem quickly.

Good conversation while working on computer issues.

Great Attitude and knew how to solve the problem the first time.

Great interaction and problem solved

Handled the situation quickly

He had a workaround that completely resolved my issue but wasnt yet a standard procedure. Excellent support!

He was awesome :)

He was helpful and followed through from start to finish over a period of a few days

He was incredibly polite and easy to conversate with. :)

He was nice and also let me know that my PC has hardware issues

He was quick and friendly

He was timely and helped me with an issue where I was on a time constraint. Knew exactly what I needed and accomplished it and even made sure I got logged in. He was great ! With that being said, which has nothing to do with the tech, the time I had to wait was like 40+ minutes. That is extreme!

He was very helpful and patient and also understood the issue promptly.

help and fixed my problem quickly.

Helped fix my issue in a timely manner

Helpful and very quick

If it wasnt for Sophia I would of never known I was not getting the internet speed I was paying for with my provider. She helped me do a test and explained what the speed I should be getting on the speed i paid for. I ended up calling my provider and it was on their end.

Immediate assistance provided to resolve the issue in short order.

immediate resolution

Immediately reached out and started working on the issue.

Increased the space on my C drive on my virtual slice in a VERY timely manner. Thanks

Issue resolved!

Issue solved within 24 hours after escalation.

it was great.

Ive had great luck with the IT support with whoever I get on the phone. The problem I have with level 2. Ive had several tickets sent to level 2 and never once have gotten contacted? Im not sure of the process, but this seems very flawed? I just kept calling back in and finally I think I have everything resolved with my new computer.

Jack handled my need timely and efficiently.

Jennifer was very friendly and very helpful and resolved my problem in a timely manner.

Jessicas help

Joshua was very pleasant and helpful

Justin / IT was very understanding in what I needed to resolve my issue even though I didnt initially explain this clearly (network drives required to be installed to my laptop) . He was patient and after reviewing my requirements (after reading an old email with the drives required) the matter was resolved satisfactorily and speedily allowing me to resume to saving my work flow of emails to the drives etc. Thank you !

kept asking questions until problem was totally understood.

Knew exactly the issue & was quick to fix & patient & courteous

knew right away where to look and what to do

knowledgeable

Listened attentively; effectively resolved the problem; level of courtesy and professionalism was extremely high.

listened to my issue

Lonnie reached out to make sure he understood the issue and worked to resolve.

Mason was very nice and helpful. I appreciate his time.

Matt was just very systematic at figuring out the issue. Very patient and professional.

Message me on Teams and answered additional follow up questions in real time before resolving

My direct report was back up and running by noon! Super fast turnaround

My questions were answered.

My ticket was quickly handled. That is so important when trying to complete a quote. Now that we work with brokers, the deadline for submitting information to them is crucial. We are competing against other companies, so the quicker the ticket is handled, the quicker we can complete the quote.

Name change. Very important to me.

Nice, Friendly, Helpful & solved problem!

Once I was able to talk to a person, she had the issue resolved easily.

Once my ticket was escalated I got a call from tier 2 in minutes, and they were fully prepared to resolve my issue immediately.

Pam was very thorough and kept digging to get the answers we needed.

Pamela Thornton was absolutely amazing, in fact, I would like to send her a Shine as well!!

perfect solution for my problem. patience

Positive, professional communication and also a prompt answer. I only had to wait about 2 minutes to speak to the support person.

Problem solved very efficiently and politely.

Prompt attention to responding to my concerns and for addressing the issue. I appreciate IT supports 24/7 availability which helped me resolve my issue outside of business hour.

Prompt response and bringing in required professionals to the party to resolve and analyzing the root cause.

Prompt service once I explained issue

Prompt service. Easy to work with.

Provided timely access to the mailboxes I needed and followed up to make sure solution worked

Quick and efficient service, they solved the issue in no-time

quick fix to issue

quick response

Quick response and resolution to the issue reported.

Quick response, effective action. Thanks.

Quickly resolved issue with Triton phone.

Quickly resolved my issue.

Rapidez y eficiencia

Rapidez, eficiência.

Resolved an ongoing issue

Resolved issue with patience

Resolved my issue

RESOLVED MY ISSUE PROMPTLY

Resolved my problem

Resolved the issue

Rob was helpful and efficient in helping resolve my issue. It seems the igel device needs too much help and support. How much time (time is money) is spent overall with tech issues? I had a laptop for 2 or 3 years and hardly EVER called help desk. With the igel? Ive lost count on how often ive had to call. When issues happen, we (LM) are paying two people during the same window of time to get errors resolved.

Sebastian was very nice and helpful. It would be helpful to have a call back que, I was on hold for 40-45 mins . Thanks!

Shannon Mysaka was prompt, efficient and friendly

She solved the issue very quickly.

She was extremely helpful and patient, she answered all of my questions, and got me and running.

She was very kind and efficient

Solved my problems

Support employee was great to work with.

Systems issue

Talked me through my issue and how to resolve, first via messaging and then by call. Very fast response to my ticket.

the only issue was the long hold time

The Organization was able to understand and solve the issue as soon as possible.

The representative was patient, thoughtful and figured out what I needed and it worked. Pleasant experience.

the Service was excellent

The speed in solving the issue. Amazing!!

The support person was very patient and helpful!

The woman who assisted me was GGGREAT!!! - apologies to Tony the Tiger. I would like to get my rep each time I call help deck

They are very responsive and supportive to the business.

They fixed the problem quickly.

THEY HAD HELP ME IN GETTING THE ERROR RESOLUTION

they were able to resolve my issues with my docking station remotely

They were patient, courteous, and very quickly resolved my issue

They were patient, courteous, and very quickly resolved my issue

They were quick to resolve my problem once they answered. The hold time wasnt great though (30 min)

THEY WERE VERY HELPFUL AND SWEET AND COURTEOUS

thorough

timeliness

Timely solution.

timely, quick, and easy to help me

Took all the time that was needed to resolve my issues.

Understandable

Very friendly and knowledgeable service.

very good communicative skills - thoroughly enjoy the experience.

very kind, very professional, results oriented

very knowledgeable and able to find a solution to my questions.

very persistent until my issue was solved

very polite and helped me quickly

very professional and handled all the issues

Very quick and through.

VM restarting assistance

Was able to address my issue and timely fix the issue

was able to fix my issue in a very timely basis

Was quickly able to recover my missing information.

Was very helpful, friendly and quick to resolve my issue

Were exceptionally helpful and fixed the problem as quickly as I could have possibly expected.

ys

Dwight Williams showed that he cared. I wasnt just another ticket or some random employee. He took the time to truly understand the problem so he could apply the right solution. He was personable and professional.

Politeness.

Solved my issue, were professional and friendly.

Its our only option for tech support.

friendly, thorough

fixed the issue

Most of the time, they can resolve and we have to start somewhere with a high likelihood to resolve

Its the only game in town

Really support team is very helpful for us .

quick action

Was professional and resolved the issue.

Bridget Riley was amazing she quickly identified the issues and walked me through the problem. very professional and patient

CORRECTED ISSUE

fixed my issue with professionalism

friendliness, solution driven and prompt service

i am happy with their support.

IT resolved my Citrix Virtual Machine connection issue within less than 5 minutes

IT understood issue, knew what was needed and was able to articulate it to me in laymans terms where we were able to resolve the issues at hand.

la rapidez en dar respuesta y la eficiencia

Live chat was awesome, my issue was resolved in record time.

Prompt Support

prompt to react, excellent help

Quick advice, very helpful.

Quick fix!

Quick response and able to resolve my question.

Quick response to my issue

RESOLVED

RESOLVED

Resolved my issue on time

Resolved my issue timely and correctly. Derek was really great to work with. I had him for 2 different issues on the same day and he was great!

Resolved the problem quickly and efficiently and did so politely and professionally.

Solved the issue.

Susie is awesome and will be gravely missed when she retires!

They were so kind and understanding, even when the problem was created by me. They were really a great resource for me and saved me hours of work.

Timely response

understood my issue immediately after sharing my screen..also went extra mile to guide me how to solve other issue which is an actual system issue wfor which I have to consult my local IT Team

Very efficient and helpful!

Very helpful in resolving issue and stayed with me on phone until we were sure that problem was solved

Very short wait time. Took time to explain what the possible issue was and showed empathy for my situation. Very friendly and helpful. Thank you for getting me up and running in such a short amount of time.

What did the IT support organization do that resulted in your strong recommendation?

In general, IT is awesome for me, I just cant get this resolved and there is no indication WHY

Increase manpower of IT Dept. because IT staff have big workload now Can provide IT support on Saturday, Sunday and after office hour

Solved the issue quickly

A quick resolution and very friendly!

As always, my IT rep knew what I needed as soon as I gave her the symptoms of my issue.

excellent service

FIX MY COMPUTER

He exactly what to do so I would not lose my work. Diligent, understanding and expertise does not go unnoticed!

Paul was so friendly and so helpful

Quick response and corrected my problem.

Resolved issue quickly efficiently in a frinedly manner

Rob was awesome

She was professional and courteous and very knowledgeable. She was awesome!!!!

They fixed it with patience and kindness.

They were knowledgeable, pleasant and efficient

Timely response- Thank you!

Worked fast and able to get it done

Im considering the problems of my colleagues too, which were not quick or good to be resolved

Once you reach a person, the support is fantastic. However the experience jumping through hoops prior to that is painful.

SLA reduced

single point of contact to control entire issue to successful conclusion. The issue is still not fully resolved

More clarity on what they intend to do next to resolve a problem that cant be resolved on one call.

I obviously will tell people to still call the help desk, this time was just a one off I think because usually help desk can fix my issues.

.

Able to resolve the issue and have had no issues since talking with them. However, having said that, this is the 3rd or 4th time Ive had to call with regard to Zscaler issues and disconnecting,.

Keep Going Good response

Keep up doing good work.

nice

Patience and knowledge

Resolved my issue with just 1 call.....

Susan Hartwig knew what she was doing right away

The rep was knowledgeable about the issue and walked me through the steps to correct it.

They were quick and understood what I needed done.

Understood my issue and was to provide a resolution quickly.

Understood the issue and provided a solution rather than merely a work-around.

Very good

Followed up quickly with communication, although they were unable to resolve the issue.

Fixed my problem, and was very pleasant throughout the process.

WE HAVE NO OTHER OPTION BUT TO CALL IT SOMETIMES

Long wait time....

more explanation

very helpful and stayed with me long time trying to resolve before escalating to level 2

 I have a good service for the help desk

Alex did a great job a listening, understanding and coming up with solutions to my issues. He also did a great job explaining how to use the VDI and patient as I wrote down and took screen shots on how to do the steps in the future.

Alex have a a good understanding of the problem i faced he cross checked the system and even corrected the other issues.

All involved did what ever they could to assist. Ron was very prompt in assisting when it got escalated to him as well.

all is well...excellent job done.thankyou

All over it - quick resolution - professional rep.,

All was good. Everyone was Fast and Quick.

Always super helpful. Also, your message when I call states that the phone # I called will be changed or stop working soon but no other # is provided. Will calling the HD soon not be an option?

Amethyst Gardner went above and beyond to address my issues and concerns and even managed to explain and give me a better understanding on an ongoing issues that she helped me to resolve

APPRECIATE QUICK HELP

AWESOME

Brandon Gaudet talked me through the process and fixed my issue.

Completed the request in one try.

Correct resolution

Customer Service and the ability to resolve my issue quickly

Daniel was very kind and helpful! He got the issue resolved very quickly. He even helped me with an additional small task: I asked if he could help assisting me in figuring out how to default my internet to the new Microsoft Edge. Although it was already (unknowingly) set to that default, without hesitation he helped show me how to get there and make sure it was defaulted. Thanks alot to Daniel Hertig!!

Danielle was very helpful and understanding and had complete knowledge about the issue

did a great job

Dominique knew exactly what needed to be done and got it done quick

Don Escano was amazing, called me and got things resolved!

Edward was very helpful in getting my new computer shipped overnight so that I was able to up and running as soon as it arrived. He should get an award for being so excellent at his job

Every time I call in with an issue, the IT tech has been great! The only complaint I can think of is that sometimes you have to wait for a while for a technician, but I realize they are busy! I also hope that the Help Line is not going away - the recorded message keeps telling you to go on their website. Personally, I like to speak with someone.

everything was great

Excellent efficiency to fix problem. keep it up :-)

Excellent service and courtesy.

Extremely competent and had me up and running in no time ! Great JOB and THANK YOU very much

Extremely professional and pleasant to speak with, very efficient and helped me resolve my issue quickly.

fast and courteous

fast response time and offered lots of options to try to correct my issue

Fast response time, quickly resolved issue and was very helpful and happy to help.

Fast service

Fast solution, great manner and attitude and great follow up

Find the solution to problem.

First tried to understand issues very well & then resolve the issues.....thats best thing I like it

fixed it in 2 minutes

Fixed my issue :)

Fixed my issue in a friendly manner

fixed my problem

Fixed the issue promptly

fixed the problem

Fixed the problem quickly

For me it was understanding what really was happing. The service that Danielle Madden provided was well above my expectations. She was awesome to work with and Im very happy she is apart of our IT support organization! Thank you Danielle for all your help....

Friendliness and willingness to help figure out how to correct my issue. It had to be escalated to Level 2 support, but Level 1 support was very nice to work with.

Friendly and helpful.

Friendly and resolved the issue quickly.

Friendly excellent help

Good communication and willingness to call and walk through the problems.

Good patience and service - even when things did not go as expected.

Great and speedy responses

great help great advice working smoothly now

Great service and availability, always helpful and work hard to make sure your issue gets resolved.

great skills for identify problem and fixing it. Keep it up :-)

Handled quickly, efficiency, and explained to me so I know how to address in the future.

he immediately provided solution to sync my password for ESP access request

He just get a great job overall

He knew exactly how to fix my problem. He was aware of this problem before. It was so nice to have someone be so efficient and fix what was wrong.

He knew what I needed and fixed it promptlly

he listen and was helpful

HE MADE SURE THAT I KNEW WHO WOULD BE CLEARING UP MY ISSUE

He understood my problem, then acted fast, And now I dont have any issue! Also he was polite and effective.

He was extremely helpful and knowledgeable. He took his time and was not rushed and made sure he resolved the situation. He was awesome

he was helpful, professional, and was able to fix my problem

He was right on point

He was so helpful

He was very efficient and resolved the problem right away.

He was very fast and helpful. Got me back to work in a matter of minutes!

he was very helpful and fixed my issue pretty quick

He was very responsive, was quick to help fix my issue.

help me connect to liberty mutual servers and set up my computer.

Help set up new laptop

helped

Helped me throughout the process and was very kind.

Helped resolve the issue quickly and efficiently.

Helped walk me through setting up MS Teams on my IOS

High level of patience and great communication.

Holly Hile was extremely helpful & knowledgeable. She was able to resolve several issues and made sure prior IT tickets were handled as well. She did a wonderful job!

I am highly satisfied

I am not that computer savey and IT guy was patient and understood what I was trying explain. He was friendly, professional, knowledgeable, and fixed the issue quickly. He deserves the high rating I gave him in this survey. Well done and keep up the good work!!!

I attempted to resolve my issue on-line with a service ticket but only received an automated response. So, since I was facing a time-sensitive project, I called IT Help and was directed to Matt Landgraf who was very knowledgeable, helpful and patient, helping me resolve my problem (and meet my deadline!). Good job, Matt!

I cannot recall the helpdesk tech name. A pleasure to work with efficient and professional

I feel terrible, I cant remember his name, but he was super friendly, helpful, and funny.

I got to talk to a live person by dialing an 800 number. Please dont EVER take away that ability. I do not want to use an online platform for help

I had 3 other IT techs try to solve this issue over the past 2 weeks. Thomas was the first who solved the problem with courtesy and efficiency.

I was given a link that I can use in the future to unlock my account should the problem occur again. This saves myself and the IT dept time.

I was helped with a number of issues...and the support person was very patient with me, and eager to help. I appreciate that.

Identifying the solution

In the end it wasnt possible for me to have the Add-In due to my PC platform, however, I really appreciated the extra effort taken to give it a go.

Issue was escalated and resolved very quickly. Thanks!

Issue was resolved right away and i was back up and working in no time.

IT Support was extremely supportive and solution oriented in getting my laptop back on line as it was not powering up and I was scheduled to present to an audience of 500 and was a bit panicked;

it was a great experience

IT was aware of the nature of my issue and was able to provide a resolution with their first troubleshooting method, so I received quick & efficient service.

It was just a great experience and very helpful. Nicely done!

IT was very patient with my issue and we went through the issue together to get to resolving the problem. IT explained everything very well and overall was professional and efficient.

James listened to my explanation of the issue, jumped right in and tried a few options to resolve it. We made sure it was resolved before ending the call. James was great and efficient at resoling this.

Jason Hall reached out to me directly and was extremely helpful.

Jessica was very understanding and gave great customer service.

jhf

Joshua was one of the best IT people Ive ever worked with at LM. We were on the phone a long time, but he got my issued fixed whereas the person I had contacted earlier in the week could not fix it. Joshua is just fantastic. I cant say enough about how helpful he was.

Just good, basic, quality, prompt, courteous assistance.

Karen Jack was able to solve this for me quickly with a few screen grabs through email. Very happy that this was fixed quickly and efficiently

Keep up the great service

Knowledge of issue

Lance Brown is the best. He listens to your issue and then fixes it.

Lee was understanding and very knowledgeable of how to get it fixed.

logro solucionar eficazmente el problema surgido

Lonney Spivey is a wonderful IT specialist! I appreciate all the effort and time he put into helping me.

Michael took the time to research the problem and explain the problem and very effective in resolving the issue. Thanks for your time!

Nakivia Allen was very helpful and quick to resolve my issue - I really appreciate her help.

Not only did Nathan fix the issue he directed me to where to find the answer and how to resolve it Plus stayed on the line until fixed

nothing

Offered suggestions and went above and beyond.

Once they understood my request, I received what I needed in a very timely manner. Thank you!

PASSWORD ASSISTANCE

patience and effective direction

pointed in the right direction and had answers for all my questions.

professional and kind. he didnt make me feel stupid at all, even though it turned out that my problem was a little stupid.

Professional quick solution.

professionalism, empathy, explanations

Prompt response, excellent service, great troubleshooting

Prompt, efficident, knowledgeable, and courteous!!

Punctuality and support

Quick and accurate response

quick and effective solved my problem

Quick resolution

Quick resolution, as expected!

Quick resolution, courteous, and didnt ask me to do the legwork :)

Quick response and resolution.

Quick response and she knew exactly what the issue was and was able to remedy it immediately.

Quickly diagnosed and solved my issue

Quickly understood and fixed the issue

quite helpful in understanding and resolving the issue

Rawlings was awesome. He wasnt exactly sure what was wrong after his initial diagnosis but stayed with it through a challenging fix with Xactimate.

Really she did full support and understanding and helping to serve the issue

Reboot my Citrix. He was also able to explain the factors which made the virtual machine work slow.

Recognition of issue and its impact to daily work - repeated logging in to email prevents incoming email to come in.

Resolve the issue Quickly

Resolved a big issue I had, in a nice friendly way that I appreciated.

resolved my issue quickly and professionally.

resolved my issue timely and was courteous and professional

Resolved my problem in quick and timely manner. Very professional.

Resolved my problem that I couldnt for days.

Resolved problem in a timely manner. Vert Courteous

Resolved the issue.

Ricky recognized a very simple solution and gave me an opportunity to resolve the issue AND also gave assurance that I could still have help if that didnt work (I had to restart my computer).

She helped me with everything and was very nice and courteous. She assisted me in getting chrome but also bookmarked how to change it back and other self service things.

She took the time to explain everything to me and walk me to what was needed. Being a new employee and not knowing exactly what to do her assistance was very helpful. Thank you!

She understood my issue and solved my issue by share screen to look for the problem in a polite manner.

she was able to walk me through rebooting my computer and get it to accept power and get it to load

she was great! :)

She was so nice

She was SO NICE while I was literally crying in the aftermath of being stressed out from not being able to access my computer during a time when I had a lot of activities to complete. She calmly fixed my computer quickly. I should have called her first thing!

solved issue

solved my problem in a timely manner and the call was answered promptly

Solved my problem quickly, politely Very Professional!

solved the problem

Solved the problem quickly and efficiently.

speed ease and knowledge

Stayed on the phone with me until I was completely satisfied.

Stayed on top of the issues and fixed any other issues that were found.

Super knowledgeable, not rushed and very patient.

super nice and efficient

support person was courteous, understood me and my computer issue and quickly came to a solution. Support was also able to see any future issues and help me prefix those.

Tech was more patient and knowledgeable and had a genuine interest in solving my issue even though it took almost two hours the previous IT person on the case was unable to

Technician was knowledgeable, professional, efficient, and friendly

the chatbot is user friendly & appreciated the follow up. Everything happened in a swift manner.

The customer service rep had by issue fixed in a matter of 2 minutes or less and gave me a quick solution in the future if this happens again.

The issues was understood immediately and fixed. The person was courtesy and helpful!!!

The rep was knowledgeable and patient

The representative was just very friendly and quick to look into the problem. Although she was not able to fix the problem since it was related to systems incompatibility she did find the solution that allowed me to continue working.

The service was quick and efficient.

The support went above and beyond to document the issue and provide a workaround. Much appreciated.

The tech was the best I ever had. Made it easy and actually fun. Incredible!!!

The wait time was very short and the IT support person was very knowledgeable and it was a pleasure speaking with him.

the were helpful

Their understanding of my issue, realizing that I was aware of how to solve the issue on my own but needed their help because was unable to and the issue was escalated quickly and the swift follow up of the Level 2 tech.

Their understanding was complete and the solution was forthcoming quickly.

There were multiple issues going on with my system and Dominique took care of all of them very quickly

They are always great.

they fixed my problem

they got my token working right away on the new replacement laptop

They have reverted within agreed timelines

They immediately understood my issue and implemented the solution quickly.

They recommended I allow them to unlock the account rather than reset the password (which I tried but wasnt working).

They resolved the issue.

they texted me, called me and sent me a teams chat, kept me informed.

They understood my problem immediately and resolved the issue in short order.

They were able to address my issue timely and completely

They were able to pinpoint the problem and resolve it in a timely matter.

They were helpful, and informative throughout the process

They were patient and talked me through all the steps I had to do. I am not a computer person per say and having someone speak with you and have patience and explain what you need to do and where you need to go to correct this. You can share you screen so this is a great help. Thank you so much I had 3 calls on the same think.

They were polite and efficient. My issue was resolved and I was able to get back to work quickly.

They were very courteous and responsive and were able to solve my issue.

They were very patient and very friendly

They were very timely with their support alongside explaining the whole process to me so I would understand the issue at hand know exactly what they did, will do and things I should do moving forward.

This was my first time using it and Pamela went above and beyond my expectations in helping me get started.

took care of all 3 of my issues

Took care of my issue very well in a timely and professional fashion

Took care of the issue very fast.

Took time to follow up to make sure issue is fixed.

tried to help

Understood and resolved the issue quickly!

understood my concern and resolved it immediately

very friendly and helpful

Very friendly and professional.

Very friendly, helpful, and fast!

Very helpful

Very helpful and knowledgeable. Gave me fix right away.

Very helpful!!!

very kind and addressed all the issues. very knowledgable

Very kind and patient, working through entire situation before ending assignment

Very knowledge of the issue and displayed a commitment to get it resolved.

Very knowledgeable

Very knowledgeable and helpful

Very nice representative, understood the issue and resolved it then and there.

very pleasant and resolved issue

Very professional and knew immediately how to resolve my issue.

Very professional and very helpful in resolving my issue. While pending a result I was given emergency access to continue to work and avoid delays.

very professional, extremely knowledgeable.

Very professional, patient, knowledgeable and helpful.

Very quick to respond and turnaround time.

very quick, cheerful service; also double checked to make sure I knew how to get on again. Thanks! much faster than in some times past!

Very supportive

Very supportive, understood the issue

Was able to answer questions in a timely manner

Was able to see the problem and able to fix it ASAP. Was on hold longer than it took her to fix the problem. Great Job!

Was super helpful and knew exactly what to do and walked me through all the steps

was very courteous and helpful getting my slice issue resolved

Was very helpful and he wanted to make sure my problem was taken care of.

well accommodated and assisted me patiently

Well, Sean went above and beyond in getting my laptop up and running as quickly as possible. He came up with a solution that limited the time my laptop would be down and it worked great.

willing to help

Worked my issue completely and efficiently. I do have a comment concerning using chat to communicate - I dont know the solution but I chose chat vs call as my option. I was on a conference call when the response was received and chat closed. For this issue, that was not a real concern because it was a mainframe password reset. In the past, the question had been more complicated and because I did not respond, the chat was closed and I had to begin again. I have decided I should not use chat based on closure.

Yes

yes. very professional

they are always polite and helpful. Just the wait times are annoying

Support will figure out the bugs and make the AI better and better, just not there yet but A for effort.

timely, friendly, efficient

Nothing, but we have no choice.

The issue was resolved

Great service, once they contacted me they solved the issue really quickly

Chris was patient, listened well and really worked all the angles to correct the problem.

After months of seeing this not really handled or resolved, filing the ticket got me to the right places and I think the OOO experience will be better for managers going forward.

quick, friendly service

diligently works to solve the problem

They contacted me directly to find out the issue and the corrected it. Unfortunately, it has been an on going problem that stems from another system we use. Help desk has been great with working with us to try to get the information updated as soon as possible.

friendly and patient

they are the only resource we have available

Very helpful and patient