IT tried their best 

They understood and escalated it

Once the call was answered, the tech knew what to do and it was resolved quickly.

Fixing my computer issues

For this call, Jen Ashcraft hear my concern as not being able to download the software when LM spent $500 to rent equipment and I would not be able to download the data after the assessment which negatively impacts the customer end result. Jen went over and above to try to help me resolve my issue.

Mason was great and helped fixed the problem.

Promptness

was ok, they understand the issue

good response

the person I talked to today understood what the problem was.

They worked hard to understand my issue, and find a way to resolve it. Appreciate them working through it until it was resolved. Thank you

The level 1 people I talked to tried very hard to help me.

I was very pleased with the person that helped

He is very nice and understanding the issue.
 
Matthew was most excellent, and provided the best possible resolution, and he cant be faulted for the long hold time. He was perfect.

however the rep was very helpful and seemed concerned about my issue.

But, once I found the correct individual/group, the ticket was resolved quickly and efficiently.



Solve the issue very quick.

Solved issue promptly .

Solved me problem quickly, & knew exactly what I needed.

solved problem effectively and efficiently.

Thank you for your help today, you were courteous and patient. (Even when I called you Matt instead of Merritt)

the issue was resolved very quickly!

The kindness given while fixing my issue

The line to customer workbench was not in service,,he exlplained very well..to check again on thurs..

The person helping me knew how to resolve the issue in a timely manner

they got in contact very quick but i called to the IT help desk and they helped me to solve my problem the same day.

They IT agent was great and very helpful and quick to resolve the computer issue.

They knew exactly what needed to be done to resolve my issue. It was resolved in less time than it took them to complete their greeting. 
They were able to quickly resolve my problem.

They were polite knowledgeable patient and helpful

They were very friendly, and quickly able to dig in and find a resolution to my issue.

Thorough process walkthrough, sent additional helpful links to look into after the issue was resolved.

updated settings and resolved login errors to help me access saved email content I needed to do my job

Very courteous and helpful in assisting me with my issue. Explained so that I could understand what was need to correct the issue.

very helpful and kind. didnt make me feel dumb for not knowing how to fix my issue

very helpful and knowledgeable

Very nice and helpful. Went above and beyond checking other areas of my laptop to make sure it was functioning at full capacity.

very patient and tried a couple of solutions

Was professional, courteous and while he could not fix my issue as it was not within scope, he gave me the contact information of the group that could resolve it. I connected with them and it was resolved in minutes. He also didnt make me feel as though he was in a rush to get to the next call.

were polite and resolved the issue

Worked until issue was resolved. Thank You!

Usually I appreciate IT. Usually they give correct solutions. Im thinking this was an isolated issue

Good customer service. Issue resolved finally.

great service

Identified my issue and a solution fairly quickly.

La rapidez en gestionar la incidencia y la solución al problema.

Listened and provided a timely and appropriate solution.

Nan & Scott were very helpful and patient to help resolve my problem.

Resolved issue in a timely manner

the rep was great.

They were very patient. They were able to figure out workarounds quickly and effectively.

when your system is not working it is the only place to go to get it fixed. but that was not Al Coles fault we just had to do alot with the Zscaler and since he could not remote in he had to be very patient with me, my phone was cutting in and out some so it was a struggle but he was courteous and professional the whole time.

helpfulk and nice

Once someone responded to my issue, it was resolved quickly and completely

Prompt response and resolution.

Very good Support team resolve problem instant

Al was very knowledgeable & helped me get connected when 2 other IT people could not help me.

Although the ticket took a while to be addressed, once it was communicated that it was a lost ticket the issue was handled quickly and with kindness.

Both representatives that I worked with Christopher Prieto and Keith Bland were very helpful.

Chaitanya Velpula was exceptional in how he handled my/our problem. Many thanks to him.

Chris was incredibly helpful and easy to work with.

Christopher was very proactive and solved all my problem very fast

Clarifying questions asked by Tier 1 Brian helped him understand the impact of the issue. VERY prompt communication and engagement from Tier 2 Selam, walked with me through issue and root cause. Great follow-up this morning to ensure fix resolved front-line facing issue!

Clearly communicated to me what she needed to resolve the issue. Resolved it almost immediately and saved hours of work from being lost.

However, the agent was very helpful and assisted me in how to change my token so that I could log on. Thank you.

Courteous, friendly, fast, accurate.

Dominick was super helpful and patient, through all of the issues I was having! I appreciated his demeanor, problem solving and not making me feel stupid, even thought I am sure some of my questions were questionable haha! Thank you, Dominick!

Evan Salvati recognized my problem right away and was able to solve the issue promptly.

Excellent and very patient! Thank you!

Fast and friendly!!

fix quickly

Fixed problem quickly and showed me how to do it myself

fixed the problem quickly, very friendly & supportive

fixed the problem very quickly

Friendly and very helpful

Getting my IE up and running for my WorkBench & Guidewire programs to work

Good customer service.

Great job. Thanks for your help.

Great response in handling the issue at hand. Follow-up was great in making sure the issue had been resolved. .

He knew what he was doing and for the most part solved my problem. Now I just need my new order for Adobe Pro DC to be approved to install. 

He was able to unlock my systems that I had gotten locked out of very quickly

He was awesome, resolved my issue. Thank you!

He was fantastic! So patient and knowledgeable!!!

He was great! He didnt pass it along when found out he did not have the proper authorization, he contacted whom was needed and got it reset for me! No inconvenience to me at all! He was great!

He was really tech savvy

he was very courteous when I was notable very upset with my technical disruption. I appreciate him understanding and maintaining his patience

He was very efficient, professional and personable. Thank you so much for fixing my printer so fast!

He was very pleasant and explained everything that he needed me to do as we were walking through the process.

Helped get Laptop setup so that I could work

Helped make a suggested that worked perfectly! Thank you so much for all your help! So much appreciated!

helped me!

Helped with the install of a program and assisted in changing my password to sync with all my programs

Helpful, friendly and solved my issue.

INC000010106220 Lex Trevino was the rep that resolved the issue after two attempts and he alone should receive credit .His knowledge was invaluable in resolving. I only wish that I had him on the first call because this would have saved about 1 hours time in fixing. Phalina Lockett has a great employee that is very efficient. Thanks Lex!

Issues was resolved quickly.

IT support person was very helpful in diagnosing what the issue was and trying to find a resolution.

IT tried everything possible to fix my headset issue  He tried everything possible. 

It was a simple issue but service was good.

Jack was great, and immediately fixed all my issues.

Jack was very patient with all of my questions and was able to resolve my issue quickly

Jagan Devan provided a quick response to my request and helped me to solve the issue. Thanks!

Jen Ashcroft was able to assist me in getting my computer to operate so I could sign in. Well done, Jen!

Jennifer was great

Jessica was very friendly and was able to resolve my matter in a timely professional manner.

Just nice, patient, friendly and stayed on with me to make sure everything was working. He was great!!

Keith Bland was great to work with. Kept me up to date and informed the whole way.

Knew exactly how to solve issue

Knew exactly what the issue was and how to fix it.

LA RAPIDEZ Y EFICACIA EN LA RESOLUCION

Listened and identified the issue.

listened looked and addressed

Michael Craft really made it easy for me. I know that in recent weeks, LM has been transitioning to end the helpdesk phone number, but I must say, with this kind of after hours technical knowhow and spirited service, I feel fortunate for Michael and the entire team. Mahalo nui

My issue was with an old legacy system and IT support knew exactly what to do and how to resolve without a lot of explanation from me.

MY issue with some applications not launching was resolved in a timely manner.

Nathan allowed me to show him my error and what I tried to do first to fix the problem

Perfect solution, very expedient in addressing my need.

personable

pleasant, solution oriented fixed problem

Problem resolved! Thank You.

Professional, patient and fixed the issue quickly.

Provided a quick solution as well as tips for how to prevent this in the future.

Quick and effective resolution!

Quick resolution

Quick resolution of problems.

Quick response and knew what the problem was at first glance.

quick service

Quickly

Quickly helped me with my problem.

Rápida atención y resolución

Responsiveness and ability to resolve my issue.

Ser rápido y eficiente

SHE HELPED ME UNLOCK A POLICY THAT HAD A SYSTEM ISSUE AND COULD NOT BE BOUND

She was eager to assist and help.

she was so fast and efficient ; very friendly

She was very helpful & quick at fixing my problem! Very professional.

She went beyond and I appreciate her patience.

Solucionaron el problema muy rápido.

Solved the issue promptly

solved the issue!

Susan Hartwig was great with communication, etc.

Taylor Gerrish is fantastic! Addressed my issue very thoroughly, explaining everything in detail along the way. Much appreciated!

Taylor is personable and knowledgeable. He was great (BOOM!). Thank you very much.

Team was able to understand the issue quickly and provided regular status check until the issue got resolved.

Tech did a great job

Thank you!!!

The analyst or technician was exceedingly friendly and was able to get up and running pronto.

The individuals that I worked with went above and beyond to assist with what I needed.

The person I spoke to quickly resolved the problem I was experiencing and they were professional and friendly.

The person I spoke with was extremely knowledgeable and helpful. The IT support person made sure my issue was fully resolved after providing a remedy and took extra steps to make sure it was done in a timely fashion.

the person who helped me, Gary, was knowledgeable, timely and very helpful.

The specific person who helped me, Paul Sauer, was extremely kind, patient, and helped walk me through everything I needed. He also really seemed to know his stuff, which was extremely helpful. I called with one problem and ended up solving two just because he helped me fix a couple of other things, which was awesome.

the technicians patience with someone who is technologically challenged was greatly appreciated

There were multiple steps Pamela helped me first she unlocked my account, second she set up Microsoft authenticator and explain how it can be beneficial for me and third she was very quick in resolving my issues!

they actually showed me how to completed the task and sent instructions via email for future reference

They are great with customer service!

They fixed my issues with minimal lose of productivity and were professional and courteous

They fixed my problem in about two minutes flat! Amazing work!

They were helpful and resolved the issue quickly.

They were very courteous and thorough!

They were very friendly and provided a quick resolution to my issue.

They worked diligently to solve the issue as soon as they could.

They worked quickly to get my request settled!

Tiffany did an excellent job of resolving my issue :)

understood and fixed my issue quickly, Stayed on until we could verify properly

understood the issue, knew how to resolve, explained in terms I could understand, friendly, kind

Very courteous and helpful

Very helpful and friendly!

Very patient, worked with me through a few alternative solutions and stayed with me until it was solved. Wonderful! (Technician was Tiffany Sullivan)

Very quick response and resolution !!!

Very responsive even though it was a not a major incident. Asked appropriate questions to ensure the issue resolved correctly.

Walter Black was professional and was able to address my matter quickly and efficiently. JD Plourde followed up promptly and our tech issue was fixed and minimized the loss of new business policies.

Working with me to get my sign on info resolved. Patient and friendly.

Zero wait time this morning, timely resolution, and excellent communication from the Help Desk rep.

we need help at one time or another this was just one or many times I have reached out normally I am very satisfied. 

Polite, very friendly and down to earth. Even advised ways to make a new pswd combination.

resolved issue very timely once engaged

A good track record. This time there may have been a backlog of issues. I continue to have confidence.

good support

Knowing what the issue probably was and happily made adjustments to my laptop as a result

Once they go on the call they quickly resolved my issue of being locked out of my account. 

password of the correct platform was reset in a short time period

Prompt response

provided a quick fix and friendly assistance

This second tech person was great. Not only did he have an iPhone, but he understood the problem immediately and solved it quickly.

The problem is solved

was very responsive and addressed the issue

They got my connection working. I cannot work without it.

Gave me the ticket # I asked for, late at night, so I could finish my task.

Didnt feel rushed

Efficient service. Good understanding of the issue and quick resolution.

Active listening and great engagement; and he went the extra mile for me. Nice job!

Alex Strong had my issue resolved in no time. I was also able to advise a Team Member how to resolve the problem when they had the same issue arise later that day.

Always helpful, kind and very knowledgeable. Thanks so much!

As stated previously, on a recent survey, IT has consistently been professional, timely and able to keep things running for myself and my team. They make things easy and I appreciate the patience they have on a consistent basis as well. Thanks for the great work IT does!

Assisted me. Appeared to want to me. Spoke in a polite and courteous manner.

Austin was fast, friendly and efficient!

Austin was very empathetic and willing to try different things to resolve the issue. He didnt just tell me I needed to go to level 2. He tried everything he could and he was able to figure out the issue. He had to think outside of the box and he was quick to adapt.

Clearly understood the issue and resolved as promised.

Colin was patient and knowledgeable. Most of all, he made getting my new lap top working fun and less stressful. Yes, I said FUN. Thank you COLIN !

Colin was very professional and reached out to make everything work for my new computer. He was also very kind and empathetic.

complted the fix for me on the call

Daniel continued to keep after the issue until it was resolved.

Danielle was kind and extremely knowledgeable. She was able to help me solve the problem rapidly and allow me to continue connecting with customers.

Dealt with my problem with the usual efficiency.

Discovered the fix and implemented it quickly.

Dominick knew exactly what the issue is and very quickly addressed it so I can start my day.

easy/clear instructions to walk me through issue to resolution.

Ensured everything was up to date to ensure they made the appropriate recommendation.

Evan was very professional and understanding of what I was needing

Even though I had a 15 minute wait, he knew exactly what the issue was and worked with me to correct. Great Service.

excellent service and a prompt resolution, When I followed back up with the IT support rep after we had basically completed everything, he helped me answer a few quick questions.

Fast solution to my problem

Figured out the correct docking station to order

fixed issue in a few minutes

Fixed my issue quickly over chat. It was nice to be able to interact that way rather than a phone call.

fixed outlook

Friendly, professional, fast service.

friendly. capable. new exactly what to do. actually, that doesnt happen all that much with T1. mostly cuz Im on a mac

Gage Van Doom is about the best type of help you can get anywhere. Hes an asset to your organization and a pleasure to talk to. Thank you for the help.

good

Got the issue resolved quickly.

He fixed the problem in about 10 seconds. I appreciate the quick service and the professionalism.

He got my laptop set up, with great customer service

He got my screens to show 3 different things in less than 5 minutes. quick and efficient

He knew exactly what was happening and what to do to correct it.

He was efficient in finding the results

He was knowledgeable and able to fix the issue without having to escalate the problem.

He was quick and friendly - turned out it wasnt an issue I was having, but with the application. But what I really appreciated was, he followed up with me and checked with me a couple of times later. That was GREAT customer service!

He was understanding.

He was very friendly, knew exactly how to resolve the issue I was having.

helped quickly

Honestly, every time I interact with IT, and please note that prior to my current role as a nurse, I was an IT, they are on top of their game and quick to solve issues. I appreciate the courtesy, timeliness and attention to detail for not only my requests, but for my staff as well. Great job as always!

Hopefully put a stop to me receiving notification e-mails about a duplicate device registered to me

I am a new employee and was unable to login to my laptop for the first time, I needed to go to the office and connect to the hard wire. Derek Gomes was very polite and very thorough, he reached to me to make sure my issue was resolved. Great follow up and a great first impression for a new employee! Kudos to Derek :)

I am very grateful for the help I was given this morning from the Help Desk. All issues were fixed completely and professionally. Monday mornings are tough enough without having computer issues but one call to the Help Desk was all that was necessary. I am very grateful and pleased to say the least!!!

I appreciate being able to get IT help on a Sunday. The rep that helped me was patient and explained everything to me. He made the tech issue so much easier to solve. Thank you!

I love the chat feature and Rita Chen is always amazing and fixes all my issues.

I love the HelpDesk. I wish I had a HelpDesk at home. It is so nice to be able to speak with a human and to be able to show them them issue. I can usually follow those if I print them out but I dont have a printer at home, so thats not possible.

IMd me and fixed my resolution in under 2 minutes.

In person one on one help.

Issue was sorted extremely quickly. Call lasted 2 minutes and 3 seconds.

It fulfilled my requirement

just being very helpful and knowledgeable about my issue and what to do. thank you

Justin Murphy was very knowledgeable and provided great directions and additional information to help avoid future issues.

knew exactly how to resolve my issue and did it quickly.

Listened to my issue, and tired several options to fix it.

Listened to my problem and quickly resolved it.

Lorraine was very helpful and got me up and running within a few minutes. Great customer service and very knowledgeable.

Made me feel very at ease and that it wasnt a bother to call for help unlike some that you feel like you are bothering them when asking for assistance.

My call was answered quickly and problem addressed right away. My total call time was 5 minutes.

Not only did she resolve my problem, but she was kind and patient. When you are on a call that you know will impact your call times, yet you still make the customers issue a priority, that is great service. Customers want to feel important, not rushed and they want to work with someone who shows they are committed to helping you. She should get a raise!

patiently understood the issue and took logical steps to resolve it.

Paul was friendly, patient with me and super informative

Proactive help to solve my IT issue

PROMPT RESOLUTION TO THE PROBLEM

Provided a friendly and efficient response to my problem

Quick and profesional answer

Quick fix

Quick follow up and resolution

Quick resolution to my issue with pulse secure which was preventing me from connecting and being able to do my work.

quick resolution, text-based interaction.

quickly identified the problem

quickly solved my problem of getting access to my share drive

Rápida compreensão do problema e resposta imediata e eficaz. gostei de ter solicitado verificação e confirmação de resolução antes de desligada a chamada.

Really quick turnaround on shipping a new laptop.

Renee understood the problem and fixed the issue in a short amount of time. She was very professional and courteous.

resolved my issue efficiently

resolved my issue in a timely manner

resolved my issue without being able to network to my laptop. Very professional. Thank you Jonathan.

Robin always knows exactly what to do

Sean did a great job of understanding my issue and resolving it quickly. 

Sebastian helped to troubleshoot the loading of Adobe Acrobat after a few failed attempts in the days preceding. He also followed up the next day to make sure installation occurred.

she stayed on the line w/ me until I was able to get my computer going.

She was very patient while assisting.

Simply understood and fixed the problem

Solved my issue

solved my issue very quickly

Solved my problem directly and quickly.

Solved my problem with Pulse Secure.

Solved the problem within 2:00 of taking the call

Strong, fast, knowledgable support that resolved the issue.

su efectividad y profesionalismo

Thank you for walking me through how to fix this in the future! Great Customer Service!

Thank you IT team everyone helped on this issue. I really appreciate.it One suggestion if you can communicate in between of any updates helps as to how long It will be down. as always you guys are amazing to resolve with any system issue. Thank you Arun, Ashwini , Lesia and others.

thanks for support during a Sunday much appreciated

The issue was resolved quickly and easily over the phone.

The IT support organization was extremely responsive and capable of understanding the problem, addressing it timely, and helping to ensure it will not be an issue in the future

The IT support person was very friendly, patient and helped me get my issue resolved and helped with something else as well that may have been the underlying issue.

The new laptop was so easy to set up! I really appreciated that. The last time I received a new computer it was a much more lengthy process to download all programs etc.

the rep responded to my concern and was able to take care of the issue in its entirety!

The rep was very nice and thats not always the case. The rep also resolved my issue and there isnt a need for callback (which I do understand some issues need to be escalated and thats not the fault of rep). The personality of the rep is almost more important to me than anything else.

The representative took the time to read other problems I had in the past and provided her resolution using that information. Since that call I have not had an issues!

The representative was very professional, knowledgeable and solution driven

the tech was very helpful and was able to resolve my issue very quickly

THEIR FAST RESPONSE TO THE ISSUE.

They are very humble and supportive. Gave solution soo quickly

They just resolve queries so quickly, you only have to log a ticket and someone contacts you almost immediately

They understood my issue and provided me with a solution which in tern aided with our deliverable...

They were courteous, prompt and effective is resolving my issue.

They were extremely efficient

they were patient, and quick to correct my problem and explain the situation to me

They were very knowledgable, had the right on the call and resolved quickly.

This rep was very helpful and got access for two of my new hires in 2 different systems.

tiempos de respuesta para conexión en vpn

Took care of it quickly for me to get back onto the phones

Took ownership of the issue.

Very friendly and efficient

Very friendly, helpful and resolved my issue 100%

Very Kind and Helpful.

Very Kind and Helpful.

Very professional and helpful! Fixed the issue very quickly with very little effort on my part

Very professional and walked me through everything.

very thorough

VPN resolution

Stayed on call when I identified an issue with the resolution and walked me through the steps.

The representative who assisted me was very friendly and professional. Even though he had to escalate the issue he discussed the next steps and tried to address the issue himself before having to escalate it. He did a great job!

got the job done

Quick and efficient.

Fixed my problem. 

Didnt give up until he solved my problem. Was nice and patient.

have understood the issues and provided rapid solution

Nicholas stayed with me the entire time while troubleshooting, he was patient and willing to explore other options to find roof cause! He was very personable and did a great job explaining to me the steps/actions he took. Thanks Nicholas!

in the end, it was helpful

Always the best service when having to call in with quick resolutions.

awesome work per usual

Ed was great!

Friendly and knowledgeable.

good communication

How can one NOT love the IT Fairy?!

Laura immediately understood my issues and checked how fixed they were and followed up immediately. Great job and thanks!

Patience, Helpfulness and Effectiveness

quick resolution to locked account

quickly found the problem

quickly resolved

Resolving any issues and requests

Ricky was very helpful!

Solved my issue immediately...

They were courteous and responsive. Understood my issue and promptly helped me.

Very Quick with resolving issues. Time effective as well.

Pamela Thornton, was very help full in understanding my issue. The Issue with ATWork already had a ticket. Pam attached me to the ticket. I received an e-mail that the issued had been resolved. I was still not able to get in ATWork. I sent Pam a Chat. she was able to tell me It will be fixed in 1.50 hr. 

fast prompt password reset

good

immediate resolution

Installed a program that I needed.

Issue resolved quickly and efficiently

Listened, patient and resolved the issue.

New computer

Quick resolution to problem.

resolution provided very fastly

she was very helpful and fixed my issue the only thing is since this update my sticky notes dont stay put and it is slowing down my calls i have them to make my calls accurate and faster only downfall but that is not the reps fault

Solved my IT problem.

there are a lot of steps to get ready for ERO and Ive had to reach out to many groups with questions, etc. and I was so pleased to get a quick resolution to this Outlook issue. Miquel was pleasant, clear, and actually submitted the RIT for me and then explained next steps. Miquels superior service allowed me to quickly cross off an ERO todo item on a Saturday morning.

Very nice and helped me with my problem. Even though I just needed to be patient, he was very nice about it.

I have always had great experiences with LMI IT in the past.

Immediate solution

Quick and correct. Reached out over Teams to ensure clear communication.

Rapidez y amabilidad

SHE FIXED MY ISSUE. 

show me other ways to solve my problem

Solves the issue quickly.

Super quick resolution (within 2 hours) vs. a day or two.

They were able to get my laptop turned on.

Tom was very professional, kind, and kept me updated throughout the whole process.

TY

Addressed issue immediately

Alex Jameson is very responsive and helpful. Hes the best!

always professional, prompt and very helpful!

Atención, cortesia y solución

Atencion y rapidez en la solucion del problema

Awesome support.. Thank you!

DAYNA, resolved my issue! thank you!!

Dillon was very helpful and answered my question quickly. We were having phone connectivity problems and he had an immediate solution.

Dwight was SUPER Awesome

Easy. Quick. Productive and helpful. Thank you

Efficient

Efficient and friendly help by Sophie.

Excellent

Fast and efficient

Fast and efficient, professional and friendly. took the time to explain the situation

Fix my problem with printer.

fixed the issue

fixed the issue

Friendliness, courtesy and professionalism. Thank you.

Gary was great. He was responsive and resolved my issue quickly

Graham Hayslip was very patient and persistent to fix my issues. When we had to restart a few times and I lost him, he reached out immediately to continue to resolve the issue. Very professional, polite, and excellent customer service!

Handled issue quickly and professionally

Handled issues with alacrity, courtesy and clarity and a little humor.

handled the issue so that I could print from the cloud again - very timely

Harihranan was great

He assessed my problem and solved it very quickly.

he knew exactly how to resolve my issue

He was able to find a solution to my problem, was patient and explained the actions he was performing step by step.

He was able to fix the problem with my VPN connection from an update. I was loosing valuable part of my workday until his assistance ............Thanks

He was professional and attentive. Most importantly, resolved the problem that I had.

Helped me to resolve the problem

Holly was amazing! Very detailed and gave me great info on how I could navigate the Tech Hub online for future issues and she never mad me feel as I was a bother! She is a great asset to LM Tech/support team!

Holly was amazingly thorough, patient and kind. I cant thank her enough! My problem was resolved in an efficient, fast and friendly way. She was able to speak in lay terms so I could understand how to walk through the problem solving steps. Much, much appreciated.

I have had an ongoing problem and this person took the time to try multiple things and to not give up until resolved

I received evidence and support on time to understand and fix the issue with Outlook

I requested new storage for my VM and Nick was able to resolve my request speedily and without issue.

I used the chat feature and it was so easy. I was able to do other things while they remoted into my system and it was just easier to do it via chat vs phone. I felt like I wasnt waiting a lot of time when it feels that way on the phone, even though it is the same amount of time.

IT person that assisted me in resolving the issue was quick, courteous and resolved the issue over the phone, awesome

IT rep was very pleasant and resolved my issue. Thank you for all your help!

Jack did a great job resolving my issue very quickly.

Just listened and worked with me.

Justin M was courteous, patient, explained what he was doing and why. Justin M answered my qustions and resolved my issues.

Kapil went beyond doing the bare minimum to answer my query. He took the time to understand my request and provided useful advice - thanks!

Knowledgeable, Nice and efficient

Kyle Libby was fantastic in keeping me updated on the progress of my ticket!! He followed up after it was resolved to make sure it was working and really seemed to care. Kuddos to Kyle!

Leonard was extremely helpful!

Leonard was extremely knowledgeable. I wish I could request him for all of my IT needs.

Mike was very knowledgeable, professional and provided excellent customer service!

outstanding response, very professional, very patient

Professional and quick resolution

prompt answering call and then made quick assessment and recommendation. Did not solve problem given Liberty restriction on use of DropBox application.

Provided a quick fix!

quick & easy

Quick identification of issue and then resolution.

Quick job great easy

Quick resolution

Quick response and great service!

Quick, courteous and extremely knowledgeable

Rawlings was so very kind, patient and engaging during the issue with Teams on my company issue cell. During the time he took to help me resolve the problem we talked and laughed together. It makes for a nicer experience and allows for us to get to know one another. Just a great experience. Thank you!!

Reactivity

Resolved my problem in an efficient friendly manner.

Resolved the issue quickly and professionally.

solucion del problema, en la misma llamada con mucha eficiencia

Solved an issue very quickly

Solved my problem in a reasonable amount of time

Support specialist was very helpful, easy to talk to, followed up until issue was resolved. Made the experience easy.

taylor is great i really love working with him

Team chat screen frozen. Easy fix for IT. Hair pulling for me, prior. Kudos to IT!

The IT guy that I spoke to was awesome and amazing. He knew his stuff and was super friendly and nice about it. Couldnt have asked for better service!

The IT rep that handled my issue, Craig Thompson was awesome. Would for sure recommend him.

THE IT REPRESENTATIVE WAS VERY PROFESSIONAL AND WALKED ME THROUGH WHAT TO DO TO FIX MY CONNECTION ISSUES. HE MADE IT EASY TO UNDERSTAND AND MADE SURE I WAS FOLLOWING ALONG.

The IT team is very efficient and understanding.  Nonetheless, they have still helped me with JIRA tickets in the past which I appreciate.

They understood the issue right away and had a solution for it that worked quickly.

they were able to find root cause and assist me in guiding me during my desktop transfer, they stayed on the line until I was comfortable with my laptop reimage.

This agent was able to stay on the phone with me until it was resolved and I set up the security questions.

understanding, responsive and professional

Understood the issues and corrected promptly and efficiently. Super friendly. Great to work with

Very courteous and resolved my issue in a short amount of time.

Very detailed and helpful.

very friendly, professional rep and ease of handling issue.

Very friendly/personable and knowledgeable.

Very helpful

Very pleasant, was familiar with the issue and fixed it in good time.

Very professional and knowledgeable.

Very professional and patient with me while we worked through the problem. He was extremely easy to deal with and so very helpful!

Was a pretty unique problem and they were able to resolve it in < 24 hours

Was very patient and supportive

She was professional

Even if the issue is still pending on solution, the agent is still working on it. And I feel they are doing their best to find the root of this problem. The communication has been fluid and Im informed on every step of the process.

Issue was resolved immediately 

Completely fixed the token problem.

courteous and quick in solving the issue

quick response

Representative was courteous, efficient and patient.

Resolução do problema

Resolved the issue in a timely fashion. His first inclination as to the problem was correct.

They resolved the issue satisfactorily

They were able to resolve my issue quickly.

was able to recognize the issue was global involving several users.

They used all the tools at their disposal to resolve my problem as soon as possible.

Able to address problem in a speedy manner

Address issue efficiently

All good.

all well

all well

Answered the call quickly and answered my question right away.

Austin was very nice, friendly, answered my questions willing to help in any way that he could he was patient, explained why I had an issue took his time and resolved my issue and tested it with me to make sure it was working ok. Great customer service.

AWESOME

built a work around while issue is being addressed

Christopher was amazing- quickly troubleshooted, fixed issue and at same time explained what was wrong. He has provided me with the tools to do my job :) Thank you!

Communication

Courteous and resolved easily

Cross-checked for open tickets and gave me the relevant information to get back up and running.

Dominick was very helpful, explained the situation & how he was fixing it

Domonick stayed with me throughout the process to make sure it was all resolved

efficient resolution of the issue with professional and courteous communication

Escalated Level 1 ticket to Level 2 offshore support. Ticket was completed same day.

Everything was resolved as needed

Fast resolution of the issue

fixed my issue in Outlook in a timely manner.

good

good

good service

group email access permission.

He helped me install the correct zoom application and confirmed i could join the meeting. He also shared the link so I could help others if needed. Thanks!

He installed the printer driver. And he also solved an issue I had with Adobe Pro.

He was efficient, knowledgeable, and understanding of my time and what I needed.

He was extremely knowledgeable, was able to target the problem immediately and fix my technical issues quickly. He was also a pleasure to work with and explained the process as he was working, so I have a greater understanding of the workings of my own computer for future reference. Frankly, he was the best technical support person I have ever worked with, and I have been an attorney for thirty years. A testament to his great work!

He was fast and friendly

he was professional, friendly and knowledgable

Helped me understand my user error.

His quick to respond approach, easy to follow instructions, and his follow up.

When I called today, Jack was so helpful and it took far less time than what the prior person had indicated.

I really liked that IT was able to message about the issue and then remote in my computer to trouble shoot. Then IT was very clear on the timelines for the different stages of fixes/updates they were completing. I was also advised on what step tp take incase the app failed to launch the next day.

I submitted my issue through the online helpdesk ticket system late yesterday afternoon and the issue was solved when I came into work this morning.

I was struggling to get the issue resolved, the L2 rep resolved it within minutes!! :)

installed software for my rinter

IT is always helpful and know exactly what I need, even if I dont communicate it well :)

It was an amazing interaction and the issue was handled well.

IT was very helpful on the phone. 

It was very patient while listening and allowing me to correct the problem

Kept me informed of the process and acted quickly to solve the issue.

kind, freindly

Knew immediately what to do and took care of the problem

knowledge in issue and very pleasant

Kyle was patient. Sometimes I call the help desk and get attitude or someone who thinks they know it all. He didnt do that. Very much appreciated that, especially since I was a bit stressed with having a 3 year in the room at the time.

Leonard right away knew my problem, how to fix it and he offered me a better solution for future use. He also noticed a few settings on my desktop when he was remote working on it and offered suggestions to update them so everything was more user friendly. I genuinely appreciate how thoughtful and helpful he was.

Matthew sensed my frustration in choosing the correct browser (Explorer, Chrome or Edge) and helped me feel better about the situation.

Me llamaron y revisaron el problema al teléfono. Entendiendo el problema y ofreciendo alternativas, para una solución inmediata. Pero dichas alternativas no fueron necesaria porque consiguieron solucionar la incidencia.

My issue was fixed in a very quickly.

my keyboard was locked and nothing worked. She was able to find the solution

My system was running super slow since two days and it got resolved in just one call. My work was hampered but now all seems good. Thank you

Nicholas West was AWESOME!! I just received my laptop today as a person being newly on-boarded. I spent the better part of the evening trying to follow the instructions provided which are not the best in my opinion. Ready to give up, I decided to call the help desk to see if they could lend assistance. Not only was Nicholas able to correct the issue I was having, he was also able to assist me with an RSA issue as well. And....he did this in a very short amount of time. He should be commended for his dedication and abilities in doing what is sometimes a thankless job.

Pamela, was very nice and friendly

Patient and professional on the phone with me in resolving a frustrating technical issue.

Patient and was willing to explain the issue for future reference.

Patrick Moran did a fantastic job at handling my problem.  It took us 2 different sessions to get it done, (thru no fault of his), but he did it. I have worked with several people on this, so I was very appreciative of his patience and expertise. He is also very approachable and polite. He is a Saint who deserves a raise!

Persisted with solutioning even when Vender was slow with support ticket response.

Personable, professional and quickly determined what the issue was and got right to business

Por eficiencia, amabilidad y decisión de ayudar.

Professional, knowledgeable, courteous and quickly resolved the problem

prompt, professional, knowledgeable, friendly and quick resolution

Provided a timely answer in a very courteous manner.

Quick and easy solution

quick resolution to my monitor issues.

Really good service and easy to communicate

Removed blockers so I can do my job

Reset it and gave me a different password

Resolved issue

Resolved my issue behind the scenes without having me stay on the line for lengthy time while they worked on the issue. The IT rep kept me informed throughout.

Resolved my issue in a matter of minutes.

Resolved my problem and answered my questions.

Resolved the issue even though it required multiple steps from their end.

Resolved the issue timely. She was very patient and provided good direction to me to resolve the issue.

Responded quickly and easily identified the issue.

Robbie was very efficient and knowledgeable. He resolved my issue in a very timely and professional manner.

Robbie was very helpful in resolving my issue, and he not only helped completed setup for Slack on my workstation but also my VDE. He took the time to make sure that everything was working properly, as well, offer to teach me more about Slack.

She resolved my issue and was very friendly.

She was courteous, listened and worked quickly.

She was friendly, knowledgeable, and efficient in resolving my issue. Great job and thank you!

She was great, we are still working on the issue.

She was outstanding

She was very patient and helped work through why I was not able to be connected.

solucion

Some people I work with have had some issues getting the work around for a password situation in IMS Passport. Gage, knew exactly what to do and had me fixed up in no time. Great job, This is the way.

Sophia was very helpful and quick in diagnosing the problem and figuring out the solution to fix it.

sorted my problem in about two seconds.

Thank you all went great

Thank you Sarvesh!

the issue was known and agent took care of it

The IT representative was very friendly and professional. She took the time to listen to my concerns and walk me through the multi-step process to resolve the issue. She is a great example of customer service and I hope to work with her on any future IT related issues.

the It support was super nice and advised me what was going on in a way that I can understand

the person really put interest in having my issue sorted out, tried different options and was into it

The solved the problem quickly and knew what was needed to remedy the problem

The technician did not make me feel like an idiot after the issue I called about seemed to correct itself when we brought it up on the call. He was very comforting and empathetic.

They understood the intricacies of the issue that I was having, and did not assume that I hadnt tried more basic solutions already.

They were extremely patient and knowledgeable.

Used chat for asynchronous communication. The application allowed me to update my own ticket.  - Christopher was able to refer me to the email address of the group that can provide that information.

Very courteous and helpful

very efficient to solve the issues

Very friendly and knowledgeable.

Very helpful and kind. Tried different things to get my issue resolved and was able to complete the task.

very patient and provided information about a software update that may have caused the issue I was having.

Very polite and helpful

Walked me through the issue, explained the fix.

Was able to quickly identify the problem and where I needed to go next. I had the issues resolved in a very timely manner which allowed me to have access to things I was missing.

Solved the issue

Understood the issue and fixed the problem in one attempt.

Most of the time I get wonderful reps who help me. 

That said, once I made contact with the person who gave final feedback on the issues she was great. So please take this feedback as commentary on the process and not the individual.

Clear communication, set expectations

even though it took a few hours to resolve, it was resolved, thats all that matters! good job guys!

Expertise and clear instructions for next steps

Got to my issues quickly

he was the only one to solve the printing issue from the virtual machine.

I found (and generally find with others) the rep to be knowledgeable and pleasant to work with despite the fact that they were ultimately unable to fix my video camera. Conclusion, it is a hardware issue / broken camera in the HP laptop.

provided next steps for a reinstallation of OS on a older machine

Active listening and engagement.

Allen Jackson fixed an issue that I have been having for a long time.

Answered my call quickly and resolved my issue right away.

Appraise it!

Being able to make a phone call and get help quickly and efficiently made a big impact in my HIGH rating. Please dont get rid of the phone access.

Cameron was great to work with. He understood the issues and helped me find a solution.

change my ID token

Christopher was awesome, appreciated his service!

Clear understanding and timely solution.

completed task

Corrected issue very quickly

Created work around for Pulse sign in. Matthew also told me how to address issue with my cell phone provider which caused problem in first place.

Evan was knowledgeable on the subject I was calling about and was able to resolve my issue quickly

Excellent customer service and knowledgeable. Resolved the issue very quickly.

excellent service

Extremely proactive response my issue was resolved in a matter of minutes.

facilitated access to applications required to fulfil compliance duties

Fast and efficient! Thank you

fixed my Audio issue and explained me the problems

fixed my issue

Fixed my issue promptly

Friendly, supportive, simple language making something complicated, easier for me

Gave me guidance on updating my browser default

good

Great customer support on the phone regarding an issue that was not documented in the digital resources. There are resources for stolen laptops that I referenced, but did not apply to this specific instance.

Great job!

He was quick, informative, friendly and understanding

He was very knowledgeable and was able to go straight to the issue and get it resolved quickly.

HE WS SUPER FAST

Help desk EE was professional, personable and knowledgeable. Resolved 3 separate issues in one call.

helped me & showed me the correct way to copy worksheets in an excel document that I needed to get a factor to apply to a policy premium

Helped me download certain required programs

I couldnt ask for better help thanks again Nicholas

I had issue provisioning an user account due to a corrupted AD record. Dustin helped me clear that right away so I can provision that agent user account. Really appreciate your quick help Dustin.

I was trying to find old docs/accolades team pictures from previous years on my old computer that didnt carry over through one drive. She helped me to log in. She was kind, Knowledgeable, and helpful.

Justin was efficient, friendly and knowledgeable, and very kind and helpful

Keith Bland was prompt, helpful and friendly! He did not give up on my frustrating problem and found a solution quickly! I have had some bad experiences with our IT department in the past, but IT Reps like him make my job easier and definitely eases my frustration when something is broken preventing me to complete my job!

Kimberly Turgeon used several methods to solve the problem. We discovered that the issue might have been caused by an outside source submitting info incorrectly and through testing solutions found a workaround. She was patient and thorough.

Knew exactly what I needed

Level 2 followed up with me almost immediately, explained the problem in a way I could understand as a non-technical user, and helped me understand the next steps - including how to fill out a form where I didnt know the answers to any of the questions. Just yesterday I got confirmation from the team Jordan pointed me to that they were able to solve my problem perfectly. While there were a few different steps I needed to take, mine was a unique problem and I was expecting I would have had to work a lot harder to find a solution. Thank you for making it easy and quick!

Noor is courteous, professional and follows through.

Not only did they help remedy the issue quickly so I could get back to my work, without even asking they explained why it happened and what to do if it happens in the future, making me feel more secure that I had the knowledge should the issue arise again.

Pamela resolved the application issue and provided instructions to my supervisor to resolve the other issue. Pamela was very friendly and have a great personality.

patience solved the issue

Patrick was very patient very friendly and overall best IT Ive had

professional, courteous, patient, took time to allow for my boss to approve access so that Lee Finn could continue to troubleshoot the issue.

Professional, understood the problem and corrected it in a timely manner

Prompt response

quick result

Rep was courteous and fixed my problem very quickly.

Rep was knowledgeable and fixed my issue. 

resolved my issue quickly

Resolved my issues quickly and they were very efficient.

Richard was very nice and patient in assisting me. I did appreciate the support

ser agil

She was very patient and helpful.

She was very professionable and personal !!!

Solved my problem quickly and made sure everything was ok.

Stayed with me to resolve sever underlying issues to my initial complaint. Got the job done!! very happy with the results, I can now do my work without long delays or unexplained non-functioning systems!

Super fast! Asked one follow up question and it was done! :)

The ability to engage with a live person/subject matter expert enhances employee experience.

The issue was addressed quickly. 

The IT Agent was very Effective, Efficient and Professional.

The lady was very helpful and really nice - People like that always make someone day brighter

The tech, whose name I forget, very efficiently diagnosed the problem by giving me clear instructions. She knew the macOS at expert level. I felt I was in good, knowledgable hands. Once the problem we diagnosed, she guided me through the solution by reinstalling the offending component. This tech is a very valuable member of the Liberty IT Support team and deserves Shine Points. Kudos!!!

They have great Patience level.

they knew it was an existing issue.

They knew what I needed and moved the ticket along to resolve the matter as quickly as possible.

They were able to figure out the issue and address the matter quickly and completely

very patient and listened to the issues, providing suggestions for future similar encounters

Very professional., pleasant, knowledgeable and efficient.

went above and beyond to help, very personable and friendly

Resolving

Nice treatment, kindness, symphathy

 In this case, I didnt know what restricted meant and the IT person who helped me explained it meant that the laptops were on back order.

Great attitude and willingness to help Very knowledgeable and problem solved immediately

I was helped by Ashley, not only was she quick to understand the issue but whatever she did seemed to fix the problem where previous IT calls on the same issue did not resolve the issue.

Pam Thornton was very personable and professional.

polite, listened to issue and resolved

She made recommendations on how to improve the documentation I was working from.

They quickly fixed my teams issue, much faster than I expected based on past Teams issues

Professional and caring.

10

A incidência reportada teve uma resolução rápida, atempada e eficaz

Alex is amazing. He listens to the problem and clarifies with brilliant questions as needed. He always goes above and beyond on his support to ensure the trouble we have wont return. I know he cannot be replaced but hire more like him and our IT problems would be solved forever!

Alex Longley did a great job helping me

All good!

always quick efficient and friendly

Austin was very personable, not only helped solve the problem, but talked about underlying issues that could have caused. very good,.

Breanna Moreau was great to work with on my issue (INC000010057705). She was able to send me a help article to allow me to do some additional troubleshooting myself before we did a screen-share. This was quite efficient, and it reduced the total screen-share time needed because I was able to do some of the prep work beforehand. Breanna was very professional, friendly, and provided great customer service. Thank you! - Mike Mizener

Curtis worked hard to resolve the issue and was flexible with my crazy schedule.

Danielle was very helpful in helping me resolve my issue. She listened to my concerns and proposed helpful solutions and next steps.

Derrick Listened to my issue and was able to resolve it quickly. Very nice person to deal with. A great employee. He is a keeper!

Eficacia

EFICIENCIA

Everything he was trained to do =) Great attitude and loved how he was open and ready to help with anything without any frustration.

Everything that I asked and in a timely matter. That is all you can ask for!

Excellent service start to a timely finish! Well done.

Excellent support ! Knew the issue and fixed it promptly ! So appreciative.

extremely polite and helpful - good experience thank you!

fast and help with the right solution

Fixed connectivity issue

Fixed my issue promptly

fixed my problem

Fixed my use quickly and give tips to resolve it if it ever happens again

Fixed the problem.

Friendly and quick!

friendly got the job done thank you

Friendly response with an efficient solution to the problem. Thanks!

Friendly, approach to my issues and was able to help me in a matter of minutes. Scott Gaglio was a great help and I appreciated it.

friendly, fixed the problem efficiently

Friendly, very courteous, professional and solved my issue.

Gave alternative for my issue. Thanks, Conor!

got the job quick & painless

Great service & very helpful!

he also assisted in downloading my teams, chrome as primary and token

He realized that my request was related to an already submitted request, support was able to link the tickets and it did not take to much time. The service was quick and efficient.

He understood the problem and went right to fixing it

He was very helpful and friendly.

He was very knowledgeable and helpful.

He was very understanding and helpful. He went above and beyond to make sure I have access needed and that all programs were working fine even though I had only called regarding a connection issue. Much appreciated it!

Helped fix the issue I was having....? of course

Hired Colin McHugh and has him in Level 2. He understood my problem and best way to correct multiple error issues. He called to check and see if the new computer had arrived and once it did I called him and he was able to walk me through set up and identify additional equipment that was needed and had to be ordered.

I appreciate the work the IT team put in to resolve the issue, fortunately the issue seems to have been resolved through another update from the time that the ticket was entered to when we started looking to record a specific instance.

I didnt think that I was explaining the situation correctly to her. But she understood and corrected the issue-Pulse Secure.

I like to talk with someone on the phone to explain the problem and get help. They have always been able to help me when I am able to call them on the phone

I was able to get Istar working on myb own but the IT support is very timely in reaching out to make sure my issues is resolved

issue promptly resolved + direct contact

IT customer support representatives ALWAYS help resolve my issues in a very timely manner. I need a human support person to help me from time to time. If I had the ability to resolve the issue myself, I would not call the IT help line.

IT support listens to the problem and knows where to look to fix the problem and advised me the location to check if problem occurs again.

IT team is the main source of our work

Jen Ashcraft was just fantastic --knew what the problems were and solved them quickly. allowed me to come back to her even though i had a ticket open with another technician (who was unavailable). very courteous and customer service oriented.

Just fast, helpful service with an immediate resolution.

Justin was patient, took the time to understand the issue first and fast resolution

La rapidez, efectividad y amabilidad

Listened and solved my problem, he even took care 2 other issue that I was have with my Outlook setup. He was good!

Loriann was very patient and helpful

Matthew stayed on the phone with me and made sure things were working as far as he could take them for now. He never talked down to me or over my head! It was a great experience.

Mr Lee Finn was very professional and patience with me. Due to update from Microsoft my computer was not working it all. He directed me how to get in and provided me all the steps and after my computer was up in running I was able to share my computer so he can make sure my computer was all set. Awesome Job !!

Muy eficiente y rápido, todo bien.

My problem was handled quickly. I suspect it was due to the late time of call (8:15 pm).

Nan was very understanding of the situation. She was courteous and empathetic. After a very frustrating start to my day, it was refreshing to have someone so pleasant on the other end of the phone.

Pam knew exactly how to resolve my request. She was super-friendly and helpful.

patient, answered all questions and made sure my computer was working to make it an effective work day

Patrick was amazing and figured out what my issue was and fix it immediately, Im very pleased

Paul was very thorough and made sure my problem was resolved before we ended our conversation.

Provided the info needed to submit the RIT

Quick and patient solution to for my printer/scanner issue.

quick resolution clear explanation very courteous

Quick resolution; Kind; Courteous; Professional

quick, efficient and able to problem solve

Quickly fixed issue and very friendly.

resolved issue and took all efforts to do so

resolved issue quickly

Seemed to be a very complex matter. Stuck with it and got it resolved!! Better than before!!

She listened to my concerns and ensured they were addressed prior to ending the call. She was very friendly and helpful

She was easy to work with and made things simple.

she was just amazing and stuck through the problem with me until it was resolved. Just fantastic.

She was supportive and worked to understand the problem.

She was very knowledgeable, friendly and helpful to me as a new employee.

She was very patient and helpful. Was able to easily resolve my issue in a quick manner.

Solved my issue

Swift solution

Taylor is a rock star

The IT Tech resolve the issue quickly and seemed to know exactly what the problem was without having to do a bunch of unnecessary steps or tasks. She was very friendly during the entire process.

the rep was very considerate and understood what I needed. He completed all my requests

The tech did a great job!!!

The technician worked diligently to determine the problem and an effective solution.

They fixed the issue.

They never gave up until there was a resolution and their communication was fantastic, constantly checking in with me as to the status of matters and inquiring as to whether or not the issue was resolved

They really listened to my experience as this has been a reoccurring issue. When they suggested a self-help solution that has not solved the issue in the past, I let them know that wasnt the right solution and they didnt push back on me like some have before. They actively listened to what I had to say and very politely got me the exact help I was looking for. It was a great and efficient experience!

They were able to quickly log me into the system and make sure all apps were working correctly.

they were ery timely and took me thru the process step by step

They worked quickly to resolve the problem & also provided next steps for my manager to complete.

timeliness, professionalism, ability to resolve issue.

took care of my issue in a single phone call and allowed me to jump right into my work.

Took time to solve the issue

Turnaround time for issue was quick, along with an IT rep confirming my issue was resolved.

Unlocked my account. Also, sent me a reference guide t o utilize should this issue happen again which I pinned to my desktop. You guys rock!

Very helpful and courteous

Very nice lady and she laughed at all my lame jokes.

Very polite and helpful

Very quick solution with no issues at all. Renee Thompson was excellent - very versed in known issues and got me up an running in minutes.

very thorough

virtual restart and reboot

Walked me through the process easily

was able to assist me with my issue

Was able to fix the issue and Sabastian was very professional and friendly.

Was able to reset my id

Wendy and Team did a great job in resolving the issue

Went extra steps to try and solve my problem even though it did not work they tried very hard.

He was very pleasant to work with. He was transparent. When he did not know how to do what I wanted the documents to do, he told me. We figured it out together.

Helped me resolve the issue once I was able to speak with someone - get help

Knew exactly what was going on & what to do about it.

Problem solved. I could not fix myself

timeliness

timeliness

Answered all my concerns

Answered all my concerns

Fast friendly and successful resolution.

fixed my problem

Helpdesk

Immediate and correct resolution on time

Quick resolution and good understanding of the system.

Resolveu a incidência de forma eficaz.

Response and Support

UNDERSTOOD AND RESOLVED ISSUE QUICKLY,VERY POLITELY AS WELL

very clear on the actions that were required and delivered a timely solution

very nice and helpful - 

IT support does a fantastic job. the issue at hand is still in existence though

Most effective action taken

Great cust. service/professionalism, they get the problem solved and theyre the only option out there for LM.

professional/compassionate response

quick response

Checking for understanding of the customer concern. Providing recommendations and potential solutions.

after 2 other calls to IT HD this agent was finally able to resolve my issue

Alex helped get my news computer up and running and made sure all the applications I needed were installed and working, he was very responsive each time I had a question during the process.

Answered immediately and worked thru the problem with me. Very efficient!

Assist with setup.

Assisted above and beyond including pulling up an additional RIT form for my team and explaining how to complete it

Bridget was helpful and efficient in helping resolve my issue. 

Chris gave me his email so if the fix was unsuccessful, it was not, I could contact him directly to continue the work. This eliminated time in the queue. Great customer relationship skills!!

Chris Moon absolutely knew how to navigate me through the Mac set up. He was quick and efficient.

Chris was very friendly, listened well, and was very descriptive on how to navigate the screens I was looking at and the applications I was using.

Christopher Henry was super helpful and got my issue resolved - it was not an easy fix!

Colin was very knowledgeable and extremely helpful. Definitely showed care and concern in resolving things for me and answering questions I had.

consistent follow up until issue resolved, and provided additional contact info to move issue forward

Dan always made himself available and worked hard to fix my problems.

Daniel Hertig found the root of the problem and worked with my schedule to fix the issues. We schedule a follow up appointment that he saw me on line and let me know he was available. He made sure that he was quick and efficient with my time.

Danielle was extremely helpful, patient, and pleasant in helping resolve my problem

Dealt with issue. Didnt pass it off. Original attempt to resolve failed and rather than keep me on phone for hours, they stopped, adjusted, and recommended next steps. I felt like I was involved in the process. Overall great experience when compared to previous experiences.

defeated the Token system, so I could get in.

Dominic Gustin was wonderful-- very patient and helpful in resolving my issues

Dominick Gustin was VERY patient and supportive while working with me to set-up my new laptop. Despite some user issues on my end he stuck with me and helped find resolution to the issue(s).

Dominick Gustin was wonderful to work with!

Dominick Gustin was wonderful to work with. Patient and helpful in resolving the issue.

Dont ever take our IT support away.

efficient and done completed 1st time

EFICIENCIA

Excellent, patient, friendly, and creative support!

Exceptional service and issue resolved timely.

Extremely friendly and kept me informed throughout the process.

fast and easy resolution of my issue

fix my issue in a timely manner

Fix my problem

Fixed my issue quickly

Fixed my problem.. understood issue and worked to resolve it.

fixed the issue

Fixed the problem ASAP

Fixed the problem quickly.

Good conversation while working on computer issues.

Great Attitude and knew how to solve the problem the first time.

Great interaction and problem solved

Handled the situation quickly

He had a workaround that completely resolved my issue but wasnt yet a standard procedure. Excellent support!

He was awesome :)

He was helpful and followed through from start to finish over a period of a few days

He was incredibly polite and easy to conversate with. :)

He was nice and also let me know that my PC has hardware issues

He was quick and friendly

He was timely and helped me with an issue where I was on a time constraint. Knew exactly what I needed and accomplished it and even made sure I got logged in. He was great ! With that being said, which has nothing to do with the tech, the time I had to wait was like 40+ minutes. That is extreme!

He was very helpful and patient and also understood the issue promptly.

help and fixed my problem quickly.

Helped fix my issue in a timely manner

Helpful and very quick

If it wasnt for Sophia I would of never known I was not getting the internet speed I was paying for with my provider. She helped me do a test and explained what the speed I should be getting on the speed i paid for. I ended up calling my provider and it was on their end.

Immediate assistance provided to resolve the issue in short order.

immediate resolution

Immediately reached out and started working on the issue.

Increased the space on my C drive on my virtual slice in a VERY timely manner. Thanks

Issue resolved!

Issue solved within 24 hours after escalation.

it was great.

Ive had great luck with the IT support with whoever I get on the phone. 

Jack handled my need timely and efficiently.

Jennifer was very friendly and very helpful and resolved my problem in a timely manner.

Jessicas help

Joshua was very pleasant and helpful

Justin / IT was very understanding in what I needed to resolve my issue even though I didnt initially explain this clearly (network drives required to be installed to my laptop) . He was patient and after reviewing my requirements (after reading an old email with the drives required) the matter was resolved satisfactorily and speedily allowing me to resume to saving my work flow of emails to the drives etc. Thank you !

kept asking questions until problem was totally understood.

Knew exactly the issue & was quick to fix & patient & courteous

knew right away where to look and what to do

knowledgeable

Listened attentively; effectively resolved the problem; level of courtesy and professionalism was extremely high.

listened to my issue

Lonnie reached out to make sure he understood the issue and worked to resolve.

Mason was very nice and helpful. I appreciate his time.

Matt was just very systematic at figuring out the issue. Very patient and professional.

Message me on Teams and answered additional follow up questions in real time before resolving

My direct report was back up and running by noon! Super fast turnaround

My questions were answered.

My ticket was quickly handled. That is so important when trying to complete a quote. Now that we work with brokers, the deadline for submitting information to them is crucial. We are competing against other companies, so the quicker the ticket is handled, the quicker we can complete the quote.

Name change. Very important to me.

Nice, Friendly, Helpful & solved problem!

Once I was able to talk to a person, she had the issue resolved easily.

Once my ticket was escalated I got a call from tier 2 in minutes, and they were fully prepared to resolve my issue immediately.

Pam was very thorough and kept digging to get the answers we needed.

Pamela Thornton was absolutely amazing, in fact, I would like to send her a Shine as well!!

perfect solution for my problem. patience

Positive, professional communication and also a prompt answer. I only had to wait about 2 minutes to speak to the support person.

Problem solved very efficiently and politely.

Prompt attention to responding to my concerns and for addressing the issue. I appreciate IT supports 24/7 availability which helped me resolve my issue outside of business hour.

Prompt response and bringing in required professionals to the party to resolve and analyzing the root cause.

Prompt service once I explained issue

Prompt service. Easy to work with.

Provided timely access to the mailboxes I needed and followed up to make sure solution worked

Quick and efficient service, they solved the issue in no-time

quick fix to issue

quick response

Quick response and resolution to the issue reported.

Quick response, effective action. Thanks.

Quickly resolved issue with Triton phone.

Quickly resolved my issue.

Rapidez y eficiencia

Rapidez, eficiência.

Resolved an ongoing issue

Resolved issue with patience

Resolved my issue

RESOLVED MY ISSUE PROMPTLY

Resolved my problem

Resolved the issue

Sebastian was very nice and helpful.  Thanks!

Shannon Mysaka was prompt, efficient and friendly

She solved the issue very quickly.

She was extremely helpful and patient, she answered all of my questions, and got me and running.

She was very kind and efficient

Solved my problems

Support employee was great to work with.

Systems issue

Talked me through my issue and how to resolve, first via messaging and then by call. Very fast response to my ticket.

The Organization was able to understand and solve the issue as soon as possible.

The representative was patient, thoughtful and figured out what I needed and it worked. Pleasant experience.

the Service was excellent

The speed in solving the issue. Amazing!!

The support person was very patient and helpful!

The woman who assisted me was GGGREAT!!! - apologies to Tony the Tiger. I would like to get my rep each time I call help deck

They are very responsive and supportive to the business.

They fixed the problem quickly.

THEY HAD HELP ME IN GETTING THE ERROR RESOLUTION

they were able to resolve my issues with my docking station remotely

They were patient, courteous, and very quickly resolved my issue

They were patient, courteous, and very quickly resolved my issue

They were quick to resolve my problem once they answered.

THEY WERE VERY HELPFUL AND SWEET AND COURTEOUS

thorough

timeliness

Timely solution.

timely, quick, and easy to help me

Took all the time that was needed to resolve my issues.

Understandable

Very friendly and knowledgeable service.

very good communicative skills - thoroughly enjoy the experience.

very kind, very professional, results oriented

very knowledgeable and able to find a solution to my questions.

very persistent until my issue was solved

very polite and helped me quickly

very professional and handled all the issues

Very quick and through.

VM restarting assistance

Was able to address my issue and timely fix the issue

was able to fix my issue in a very timely basis

Was quickly able to recover my missing information.

Was very helpful, friendly and quick to resolve my issue

Were exceptionally helpful and fixed the problem as quickly as I could have possibly expected.

Dwight Williams showed that he cared. I wasnt just another ticket or some random employee. He took the time to truly understand the problem so he could apply the right solution. He was personable and professional.

Politeness.

Solved my issue, were professional and friendly.

friendly, thorough

fixed the issue

Most of the time, they can resolve and we have to start somewhere with a high likelihood to resolve

Really support team is very helpful for us .

quick action

Was professional and resolved the issue.

Bridget Riley was amazing she quickly identified the issues and walked me through the problem. very professional and patient

CORRECTED ISSUE

fixed my issue with professionalism

friendliness, solution driven and prompt service

i am happy with their support.

IT resolved my Citrix Virtual Machine connection issue within less than 5 minutes

IT understood issue, knew what was needed and was able to articulate it to me in laymans terms where we were able to resolve the issues at hand.

la rapidez en dar respuesta y la eficiencia

Live chat was awesome, my issue was resolved in record time.

Prompt Support

prompt to react, excellent help

Quick advice, very helpful.

Quick fix!

Quick response and able to resolve my question.

Quick response to my issue

RESOLVED

RESOLVED

Resolved my issue on time

Resolved my issue timely and correctly. Derek was really great to work with. I had him for 2 different issues on the same day and he was great!

Resolved the problem quickly and efficiently and did so politely and professionally.

Solved the issue.

Susie is awesome and will be gravely missed when she retires!

They were so kind and understanding, even when the problem was created by me. They were really a great resource for me and saved me hours of work.

Timely response

understood my issue immediately after sharing my screen..also went extra mile to guide me how to solve other issue which is an actual system issue wfor which I have to consult my local IT Team

Very efficient and helpful!

Very helpful in resolving issue and stayed with me on phone until we were sure that problem was solved

Very short wait time. Took time to explain what the possible issue was and showed empathy for my situation. Very friendly and helpful. Thank you for getting me up and running in such a short amount of time.

In general, IT is awesome for me, I just cant get this resolved and there is no indication WHY

Solved the issue quickly

A quick resolution and very friendly!

As always, my IT rep knew what I needed as soon as I gave her the symptoms of my issue.

excellent service

He exactly what to do so I would not lose my work. Diligent, understanding and expertise does not go unnoticed!

Paul was so friendly and so helpful

Quick response and corrected my problem.

Resolved issue quickly efficiently in a frinedly manner

Rob was awesome

She was professional and courteous and very knowledgeable. She was awesome!!!!

They fixed it with patience and kindness.

They were knowledgeable, pleasant and efficient

Timely response- Thank you!

Worked fast and able to get it done

Once you reach a person, the support is fantastic. 

SLA reduced

I obviously will tell people to still call the help desk, this time was just a one off I think because usually help desk can fix my issues.

Able to resolve the issue and have had no issues since talking with them. 

Keep Going Good response

Keep up doing good work.

nice

Patience and knowledge

Resolved my issue with just 1 call.....

Susan Hartwig knew what she was doing right away

The rep was knowledgeable about the issue and walked me through the steps to correct it.

They were quick and understood what I needed done.

Understood my issue and was to provide a resolution quickly.

Understood the issue and provided a solution rather than merely a work-around.

Very good

Followed up quickly with communication, although they were unable to resolve the issue.

Fixed my problem, and was very pleasant throughout the process.

very helpful and stayed with me long time trying to resolve before escalating to level 2

 I have a good service for the help desk

Alex did a great job a listening, understanding and coming up with solutions to my issues. He also did a great job explaining how to use the VDI and patient as I wrote down and took screen shots on how to do the steps in the future.

Alex have a a good understanding of the problem i faced he cross checked the system and even corrected the other issues.

All involved did what ever they could to assist. Ron was very prompt in assisting when it got escalated to him as well.

all is well...excellent job done.thankyou

All over it - quick resolution - professional rep.,

All was good. Everyone was Fast and Quick.

Always super helpful. 

Amethyst Gardner went above and beyond to address my issues and concerns and even managed to explain and give me a better understanding on an ongoing issues that she helped me to resolve

APPRECIATE QUICK HELP

AWESOME

Brandon Gaudet talked me through the process and fixed my issue.

Completed the request in one try.

Correct resolution

Customer Service and the ability to resolve my issue quickly

Daniel was very kind and helpful! He got the issue resolved very quickly. He even helped me with an additional small task: I asked if he could help assisting me in figuring out how to default my internet to the new Microsoft Edge. Although it was already (unknowingly) set to that default, without hesitation he helped show me how to get there and make sure it was defaulted. Thanks alot to Daniel Hertig!!

Danielle was very helpful and understanding and had complete knowledge about the issue

did a great job

Dominique knew exactly what needed to be done and got it done quick

Don Escano was amazing, called me and got things resolved!

Edward was very helpful in getting my new computer shipped overnight so that I was able to up and running as soon as it arrived. He should get an award for being so excellent at his job

Every time I call in with an issue, the IT tech has been great! 

everything was great

Excellent efficiency to fix problem. keep it up :-)

Excellent service and courtesy.

Extremely competent and had me up and running in no time ! Great JOB and THANK YOU very much

Extremely professional and pleasant to speak with, very efficient and helped me resolve my issue quickly.

fast and courteous

fast response time and offered lots of options to try to correct my issue

Fast response time, quickly resolved issue and was very helpful and happy to help.

Fast service

Fast solution, great manner and attitude and great follow up

Find the solution to problem.

First tried to understand issues very well & then resolve the issues.....thats best thing I like it

fixed it in 2 minutes

Fixed my issue :)

Fixed my issue in a friendly manner

fixed my problem

Fixed the issue promptly

fixed the problem

Fixed the problem quickly

For me it was understanding what really was happing. The service that Danielle Madden provided was well above my expectations. She was awesome to work with and Im very happy she is apart of our IT support organization! Thank you Danielle for all your help....

Friendliness and willingness to help figure out how to correct my issue. It had to be escalated to Level 2 support, but Level 1 support was very nice to work with.

Friendly and helpful.

Friendly and resolved the issue quickly.

Friendly excellent help

Good communication and willingness to call and walk through the problems.

Good patience and service - even when things did not go as expected.

Great and speedy responses

great help great advice working smoothly now

Great service and availability, always helpful and work hard to make sure your issue gets resolved.

great skills for identify problem and fixing it. Keep it up :-)

Handled quickly, efficiency, and explained to me so I know how to address in the future.

he immediately provided solution to sync my password for ESP access request

He just get a great job overall

He knew exactly how to fix my problem. He was aware of this problem before. It was so nice to have someone be so efficient and fix what was wrong.

He knew what I needed and fixed it promptlly

he listen and was helpful

HE MADE SURE THAT I KNEW WHO WOULD BE CLEARING UP MY ISSUE

He understood my problem, then acted fast, And now I dont have any issue! Also he was polite and effective.

He was extremely helpful and knowledgeable. He took his time and was not rushed and made sure he resolved the situation. He was awesome

he was helpful, professional, and was able to fix my problem

He was right on point

He was so helpful

He was very efficient and resolved the problem right away.

He was very fast and helpful. Got me back to work in a matter of minutes!

he was very helpful and fixed my issue pretty quick

He was very responsive, was quick to help fix my issue.

help me connect to liberty mutual servers and set up my computer.

Help set up new laptop

helped

Helped me throughout the process and was very kind.

Helped resolve the issue quickly and efficiently.

Helped walk me through setting up MS Teams on my IOS

High level of patience and great communication.

Holly Hile was extremely helpful & knowledgeable. She was able to resolve several issues and made sure prior IT tickets were handled as well. She did a wonderful job!

I am highly satisfied

I am not that computer savey and IT guy was patient and understood what I was trying explain. He was friendly, professional, knowledgeable, and fixed the issue quickly. He deserves the high rating I gave him in this survey. Well done and keep up the good work!!!

So, since I was facing a time-sensitive project, I called IT Help and was directed to Matt Landgraf who was very knowledgeable, helpful and patient, helping me resolve my problem (and meet my deadline!). Good job, Matt!

I cannot recall the helpdesk tech name. A pleasure to work with efficient and professional

I feel terrible, I cant remember his name, but he was super friendly, helpful, and funny.

Very educated people on their behavior.

I got to talk to a live person by dialing an 800 number. 

I had 3 other IT techs try to solve this issue over the past 2 weeks. Thomas was the first who solved the problem with courtesy and efficiency.

I was given a link that I can use in the future to unlock my account should the problem occur again. This saves myself and the IT dept time.

I was helped with a number of issues...and the support person was very patient with me, and eager to help. I appreciate that.

Identifying the solution

In the end it wasnt possible for me to have the Add-In due to my PC platform, however, I really appreciated the extra effort taken to give it a go.

Issue was escalated and resolved very quickly. Thanks!

Issue was resolved right away and i was back up and working in no time.

IT Support was extremely supportive and solution oriented in getting my laptop back on line as it was not powering up and I was scheduled to present to an audience of 500 and was a bit panicked;

it was a great experience

IT was aware of the nature of my issue and was able to provide a resolution with their first troubleshooting method, so I received quick & efficient service.

It was just a great experience and very helpful. Nicely done!

IT was very patient with my issue and we went through the issue together to get to resolving the problem. IT explained everything very well and overall was professional and efficient.

James listened to my explanation of the issue, jumped right in and tried a few options to resolve it. We made sure it was resolved before ending the call. James was great and efficient at resoling this.

Jason Hall reached out to me directly and was extremely helpful.

Jessica was very understanding and gave great customer service.

Joshua was one of the best IT people Ive ever worked with at LM. We were on the phone a long time, but he got my issued fixed whereas the person I had contacted earlier in the week could not fix it. Joshua is just fantastic. I cant say enough about how helpful he was.

Just good, basic, quality, prompt, courteous assistance.

Karen Jack was able to solve this for me quickly with a few screen grabs through email. Very happy that this was fixed quickly and efficiently

Keep up the great service

Knowledge of issue

Lance Brown is the best. He listens to your issue and then fixes it.

Lee was understanding and very knowledgeable of how to get it fixed.

logro solucionar eficazmente el problema surgido

Lonney Spivey is a wonderful IT specialist! I appreciate all the effort and time he put into helping me.

Michael took the time to research the problem and explain the problem and very effective in resolving the issue. Thanks for your time!

Nakivia Allen was very helpful and quick to resolve my issue - I really appreciate her help.

Not only did Nathan fix the issue he directed me to where to find the answer and how to resolve it Plus stayed on the line until fixed

Offered suggestions and went above and beyond.

Once they understood my request, I received what I needed in a very timely manner. Thank you!

PASSWORD ASSISTANCE

patience and effective direction

pointed in the right direction and had answers for all my questions.

professional and kind. he didnt make me feel stupid at all, even though it turned out that my problem was a little stupid.

Professional quick solution.

professionalism, empathy, explanations

Prompt response, excellent service, great troubleshooting

Prompt, efficident, knowledgeable, and courteous!!

Punctuality and support

Quick and accurate response

quick and effective solved my problem

Quick resolution

Quick resolution, as expected!

Quick resolution, courteous, and didnt ask me to do the legwork :)

Quick response and resolution.

Quick response and she knew exactly what the issue was and was able to remedy it immediately.

Quickly diagnosed and solved my issue

Quickly understood and fixed the issue

quite helpful in understanding and resolving the issue

Rawlings was awesome. He wasnt exactly sure what was wrong after his initial diagnosis but stayed with it through a challenging fix with Xactimate.

Really she did full support and understanding and helping to serve the issue

Reboot my Citrix. He was also able to explain the factors which made the virtual machine work slow.

Recognition of issue and its impact to daily work - repeated logging in to email prevents incoming email to come in.

Resolve the issue Quickly

Resolved a big issue I had, in a nice friendly way that I appreciated.

resolved my issue quickly and professionally.

resolved my issue timely and was courteous and professional

Resolved my problem in quick and timely manner. Very professional.

Resolved my problem that I couldnt for days.

Resolved problem in a timely manner. Vert Courteous

Resolved the issue.

Ricky recognized a very simple solution and gave me an opportunity to resolve the issue AND also gave assurance that I could still have help if that didnt work (I had to restart my computer).

She helped me with everything and was very nice and courteous. She assisted me in getting chrome but also bookmarked how to change it back and other self service things.

She took the time to explain everything to me and walk me to what was needed. Being a new employee and not knowing exactly what to do her assistance was very helpful. Thank you!

She understood my issue and solved my issue by share screen to look for the problem in a polite manner.

she was able to walk me through rebooting my computer and get it to accept power and get it to load

she was great! :)

She was so nice

She was SO NICE while I was literally crying in the aftermath of being stressed out from not being able to access my computer during a time when I had a lot of activities to complete. She calmly fixed my computer quickly. I should have called her first thing!

solved issue

solved my problem in a timely manner and the call was answered promptly

Solved my problem quickly, politely Very Professional!

solved the problem

Solved the problem quickly and efficiently.

speed ease and knowledge

Stayed on the phone with me until I was completely satisfied.

Stayed on top of the issues and fixed any other issues that were found.

Super knowledgeable, not rushed and very patient.

super nice and efficient

support person was courteous, understood me and my computer issue and quickly came to a solution. Support was also able to see any future issues and help me prefix those.

Tech was more patient and knowledgeable and had a genuine interest in solving my issue even though it took almost two hours the previous IT person on the case was unable to

Technician was knowledgeable, professional, efficient, and friendly

the chatbot is user friendly & appreciated the follow up. Everything happened in a swift manner.

The customer service rep had by issue fixed in a matter of 2 minutes or less and gave me a quick solution in the future if this happens again.

The issues was understood immediately and fixed. The person was courtesy and helpful!!!

The rep was knowledgeable and patient

The representative was just very friendly and quick to look into the problem. Although she was not able to fix the problem since it was related to systems incompatibility she did find the solution that allowed me to continue working.

The service was quick and efficient.

The support went above and beyond to document the issue and provide a workaround. Much appreciated.

The tech was the best I ever had. Made it easy and actually fun. Incredible!!!

The wait time was very short and the IT support person was very knowledgeable and it was a pleasure speaking with him.

the were helpful

Their understanding of my issue, realizing that I was aware of how to solve the issue on my own but needed their help because was unable to and the issue was escalated quickly and the swift follow up of the Level 2 tech.

Their understanding was complete and the solution was forthcoming quickly.

There were multiple issues going on with my system and Dominique took care of all of them very quickly

They are always great.

they fixed my problem

they got my token working right away on the new replacement laptop

They have reverted within agreed timelines

They immediately understood my issue and implemented the solution quickly.

They resolved the issue.

they texted me, called me and sent me a teams chat, kept me informed.

They understood my problem immediately and resolved the issue in short order.

They were able to address my issue timely and completely

They were able to pinpoint the problem and resolve it in a timely matter.

They were helpful, and informative throughout the process

They were patient and talked me through all the steps I had to do. I am not a computer person per say and having someone speak with you and have patience and explain what you need to do and where you need to go to correct this. You can share you screen so this is a great help. Thank you so much I had 3 calls on the same think.

They were polite and efficient. My issue was resolved and I was able to get back to work quickly.

They were very courteous and responsive and were able to solve my issue.

They were very patient and very friendly

They were very timely with their support alongside explaining the whole process to me so I would understand the issue at hand know exactly what they did, will do and things I should do moving forward.

This was my first time using it and Pamela went above and beyond my expectations in helping me get started.

took care of all 3 of my issues

Took care of my issue very well in a timely and professional fashion

Took care of the issue very fast.

Took time to follow up to make sure issue is fixed.

tried to help

Understood and resolved the issue quickly!

understood my concern and resolved it immediately

very friendly and helpful

Very friendly and professional.

Very friendly, helpful, and fast!

Very helpful

Very helpful and knowledgeable. Gave me fix right away.

Very helpful!!!

very kind and addressed all the issues. very knowledgable

Very kind and patient, working through entire situation before ending assignment

Very knowledge of the issue and displayed a commitment to get it resolved.

Very knowledgeable

Very knowledgeable and helpful

Very nice representative, understood the issue and resolved it then and there.

very pleasant and resolved issue

Very professional and knew immediately how to resolve my issue.

Very professional and very helpful in resolving my issue. While pending a result I was given emergency access to continue to work and avoid delays.

very professional, extremely knowledgeable.

Very professional, patient, knowledgeable and helpful.

Very quick to respond and turnaround time.

very quick, cheerful service; also double checked to make sure I knew how to get on again. Thanks! much faster than in some times past!

Very supportive

Very supportive, understood the issue

Was able to answer questions in a timely manner

Was able to see the problem and able to fix it ASAP. Was on hold longer than it took her to fix the problem. Great Job!

Was super helpful and knew exactly what to do and walked me through all the steps

was very courteous and helpful getting my slice issue resolved

Was very helpful and he wanted to make sure my problem was taken care of.

well accommodated and assisted me patiently

Well, Sean went above and beyond in getting my laptop up and running as quickly as possible. He came up with a solution that limited the time my laptop would be down and it worked great.

willing to help

Worked my issue completely and efficiently. 

Yes

yes. very professional

they are always polite and helpful. 

Support will figure out the bugs and make the AI better and better, just not there yet but A for effort.

timely, friendly, efficient

The issue was resolved

Great service, once they contacted me they solved the issue really quickly

Chris was patient, listened well and really worked all the angles to correct the problem.

After months of seeing this not really handled or resolved, filing the ticket got me to the right places and I think the OOO experience will be better for managers going forward.

quick, friendly service

diligently works to solve the problem

They contacted me directly to find out the issue and the corrected it. Unfortunately, it has been an on going problem that stems from another system we use. Help desk has been great with working with us to try to get the information updated as soon as possible.

friendly and patient

Very helpful and patient